Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter in "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" To the disappointment of gossip columnists around the world, the young actor says he has no plans to fritter his cash away on fast cars, drink and celebrity parties. "I don't plan to be one of those people who, as soon as they turn 18, suddenly buy themselves a massive sports car collection or something similar," he told an Australian interviewer earlier this month. " At 18, Radcliffe will be able to gamble in a casino, buy a drink in a pub or see the horror film "Hostel: Part II," currently six places below his number one movie on the UK box office chart
Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe gets £20M fortune as he turns 18 Monday . Young actor says he has no plans to fritter his cash away . Radcliffe's earnings from first five Potter films have been held in trust fund .
Mentally ill people often won't do what they're told when police arrive on the scene -- confrontation seems to exacerbate their illness and they become more paranoid, delusional, and less likely to follow directions, according to Leifman. Leifman says in 1955 there were more than half a million people in state mental hospitals, and today that number has been reduced 90 percent, and 40,000 to 50,000 people are in mental hospitals. Starting in 2008, many inmates who would otherwise have been brought to the "forgotten floor" will instead be sent to a new mental health facility -- the first step on a journey toward long-term treatment, not just punishment
Mentally ill inmates in Miami are housed on the "forgotten floor" Judge Steven Leifman says most are there as a result of "avoidable felonies" While CNN tours facility, patient shouts: "I am the son of the president" Leifman says the system is unjust and he's fighting for change .
"So I stayed in my car until the cars quit falling for a second, then I got out real quick, ran in front of my truck -- because behind my truck was just a hole -- and I helped a woman off of the bridge with me. " Melissa Hughes, 32, of Minneapolis, told The Associated Press that she was driving home when the western edge of the bridge collapsed under her. After the bridge settled and his car remained upright, "I just put in park, turned the key off and said, 'Oh, I'm alive,' " he said
NEW: "I thought I was going to die," driver says . Man says pickup truck was folded in half; he just has cut on face . Driver: "I probably had a 30-, 35-foot free fall" Minnesota bridge collapsed during rush hour Wednesday .
The polyps were removed and sent to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, for routine microscopic examination, spokesman Scott Stanzel said. He planned to have lunch at Camp David and have briefings with National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley and White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten, and planned to take a bicycle ride Saturday afternoon. The American Cancer Society recommends that people without high risk factors or symptoms begin getting screened for signs of colorectal cancer at age 50
Five small polyps found during procedure; "none worrisome," spokesman says . President reclaims powers transferred to vice president . Bush undergoes routine colonoscopy at Camp David .
Goodell said the Falcons could "assert any claims or remedies" to recover $22 million of Vick's signing bonus from the 10-year, $130 million contract he signed in 2004, according to The Associated Press. Vick said he would plead guilty to one count of "Conspiracy to Travel in Interstate Commerce in Aid of Unlawful Activities and to Sponsor a Dog in an Animal Fighting Venture" in a plea agreement filed at U. In an additional summary of facts, signed by Vick and filed with the agreement, Vick admitted buying pit bulls and the property used for training and fighting the dogs, but the statement said he did not bet on the fights or receive any of the money won
NEW: NFL chief, Atlanta Falcons owner critical of Michael Vick's conduct . NFL suspends Falcons quarterback indefinitely without pay . Vick admits funding dogfighting operation but says he did not gamble . Vick due in federal court Monday; future in NFL remains uncertain .
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Dressed in a Superman shirt, 5-year-old Youssif held his sister's hand Friday, seemingly unaware that millions of people across the world have been touched by his story. Shortly after Youssif's story aired Wednesday, the Children's Burn Foundation -- a nonprofit organization based in Sherman Oaks, California, that provides support for burn victims locally, nationally and internationally -- agreed to pay for the transportation for Youssif and his family to come to the United States and to set up a fund for donations. "We are prepared to have them come here, set them up in a housing situation, provide support for them and begin treatment," said Barbara Friedman, executive director of the Children's Burn Foundation
Parents beam with pride, can't stop from smiling from outpouring of support . Mom: "I was so happy I didn't know what to do" Burn center in U.S. has offered to provide treatment for reconstructive surgeries . Dad says, "Anything for Youssif"
"People shouldn't criticize women, or talk badly about them," says 37-year-old Suha as she adjusts the light colored scarf she wears these days to avoid extremists who insist women cover themselves. "At this point there is a population of women who have to sell their bodies in order to keep their children alive," says Yanar Mohammed, head and founder of the Organization for Women's Freedom in Iraq. " According to Rahim and Mohammed, most of the women they encounter say they are driven to prostitution by a desperate desire for survival in the dangerously violent and unforgiving circumstances in Iraq
Aid workers: Violence, increased cost of living drive women to prostitution . Group is working to raise awareness of the problem with Iraq's political leaders . Two Iraqi mothers tell CNN they turned to prostitution to help feed their children . "Everything is for the children," one woman says .
officials alleged Medina Caracas managed the rebel group's sales of cocaine to international drug traffickers, who in turn smuggled it into the United States. Officials said the army's Rapid Response Force, backed by elements of the Colombian Air Force, tracked Medina Caracas down at a FARC camp in the jungle in the south of the country. Established in 1964 as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party, FARC is Colombia's oldest, largest, most capable and best-equipped Marxist rebel group, according to the U
Tomas Medina Caracas was a fugitive from a U.S. drug trafficking indictment . "El Negro Acacio" allegedly helped manage extensive cocaine network . U.S. Justice Department indicted him in 2002 . Colombian military: He was killed in an attack on a guerrilla encampment .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- White House press secretary Tony Snow, who is undergoing treatment for cancer, will step down from his post September 14 and be replaced by deputy press secretary Dana Perino, the White House announced Friday. " Snow, speaking after Bush at the start of the daily White House news conference, said he was leaving to earn more money. He took a big pay cut, he said, when he left his previous jobs as anchor and political analyst for Fox News
President Bush says Tony Snow "will battle cancer and win" Job of press secretary "has been a dream for me," Snow says Snow leaving on September 14, will be succeeded by Dana Perino .
Niranjan Desai discovered the 20-year-old AT4 anti-tank rocket launcher tube, a one-time-use device, lying on her lawn Friday morning, police said. The Joint Terrorism Task Force division of the FBI and Jersey City police are investigating the origin of the rocket launcher and the circumstance that led to its appearance on residential property. "Al Qaeda doesn't leave a rocket launcher on the lawn of middle-aged ladies," said Paul Cruickshank of New York University Law School's Center on Law and Security
Empty anti-tank weapon turns up in front of New Jersey home . Device handed over to Army ordnance disposal unit . Weapon not capable of being reloaded, experts say .
On Wednesday in Kansas City, Missouri, Bush will tell members of the Veterans of Foreign Wars that "then, as now, people argued that the real problem was America's presence and that if we would just withdraw, the killing would end," according to speech excerpts released Tuesday by the White House. "Whatever your position in that debate, one unmistakable legacy of Vietnam is that the price of America's withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens, whose agonies would add to our vocabulary new terms like 'boat people,' 're-education camps' and 'killing fields,' " the president will say. On Tuesday, Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said, "President Bush's attempt to compare the war in Iraq to past military conflicts in East Asia ignores the fundamental difference between the two
President Bush to address the Veterans of Foreign Wars on Wednesday . Bush to say that withdrawing from Vietnam emboldened today's terrorists . Speech will be latest White House attempt to try to reframe the debate over Iraq .
July 7, 2005: Four suicide bombers detonate themselves aboard three underground trains and a bus in a morning rush hour attack against London's transport network, killing 52 people and injuring around 700 more. August 2004: Anti-terrorist police disrupt a plot by Islamic militants to blow up targets including the Ministry of Sound nightclub and the Bluewater shopping center in southeast England using explosives packed into limousines and large vehicles. (Read about Lockerbie bomber) October 1984: Five people die in an IRA bomb attack on a hotel in Brighton, southern England, where Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her cabinet are staying for the Conservative Party's annual conference
Two cars loaded with gasoline and nails found abandoned in London Friday . 52 people killed on July 7, 2005 after bombs exploded on London bus, trains . British capital wracked by violence by the IRA for years .
BREMEN, Germany -- Carlos Alberto, who scored in FC Porto's Champions League final victory against Monaco in 2004, has joined Bundesliga club Werder Bremen for a club record fee of 7. Bundesliga champions VfB Stuttgart said on Sunday that they would sign a loan agreement with Real Zaragoza on Monday for Ewerthon, the third top Brazilian player to join the German league in three days. A VfB spokesman said Ewerthon, who played in the Bundesliga for Borussia Dortmund from 2001 to 2005, was expected to join the club for their pre-season training in Austria on Monday
Werder Bremen pay a club record $10.7 million for Carlos Alberto . The Brazilian midfielder won the Champions League with FC Porto in 2004 . Since January he has been on loan with his first club, Fluminense .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Vice President Dick Cheney will serve as acting president briefly Saturday while President Bush is anesthetized for a routine colonoscopy, White House spokesman Tony Snow said Friday. A colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer, rectal cancer and polyps, small clumps of cells that can become cancerous, according to the Mayo Clinic. The American Cancer Society recommends that people without high-risk factors or symptoms begin getting screened for signs of colorectal cancer at age 50
President Bush will have a routine colonoscopy Saturday . While he's anesthetized, his powers will be transferred to the vice president . Bush had last colonoscopy in 2002, which found no problems .
The quake left about 2,000 customers without power, said David Eisenhower, a spokesman for Pacific Gas and Light. "We had quite a spike in calls, mostly calls of inquiry, none of any injury, none of any damage that was reported," said Capt. 2 quakes are felt indoors and may break dishes and windows and overturn unstable objects
2,000 customers without electricity, power company says . Magnitude 4.2 quake set off home alarms, says Oakland police dispatcher . "It was fairly mild," police say, no immediate reports of injuries, damage . It was centered two miles east-northeast of Oakland, about 3.6 miles deep .
" "The grueling around-the-clock rescue operation that claimed three lives and injured six others has also taken a tremendous toll on the many brave rescuers and the local community, and our thoughts and prayers are with them all," Chao said in a statement. There were no public statements Saturday from Bob Murray, president and CEO of Murray Mining, co-owner of the Crandall Canyon Mine, who was the outspoken face of the rescue operation for the first three weeks, then largely disappeared from public view. Efforts to reach them were suspended 10 days later when two rescuers and a federal mining official were killed, and six people were injured in a second collapse as they tried to tunnel horizontally toward the area where the men had been working
NEW: President Bush says he and first lady are deeply saddened by the tragedy . Mine Safety and Health Administration chief: We've run out of options. The six men have been trapped underground since August 6 . Seven bore holes drilled into the mountain have found no signs of life .
(CNN) -- At least 14 people were killed and 60 others wounded Thursday when a bomb ripped through a crowd waiting to see Algeria's president in Batna, east of the capital of Algiers, the Algerie Presse Service reported. about 20 meters (65 feet) from a mosque in Batna, a town about 450 kilometers (280 miles) east of Algiers, security officials in Batna told the state-run news agency. Later Thursday, Algeria's Interior Minister Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni said "a suspect person who was among the crowd attempted to go beyond the security cordon," but the person escaped "immediately after the bomb exploded," the press service reported
Bomb victims waiting for presidential visit . Blast went off 15 minutes before president's arrival . Algeria faces Islamic insurgency . Al Qaeda-affiliated group claimed July attacks .
The world's famous footballer has begun a five-year contract with the Los Angeles Galaxy team, and on Friday Beckham will meet the press and reveal his new shirt number. This week, we take an in depth look at the life and times of Beckham, as CNN's very own "Becks," Becky Anderson, sets out to examine what makes the man tick -- as footballer, fashion icon and global phenomenon. It's a long way from the streets of east London to the Hollywood Hills and Becky charts Beckham's incredible rise to football stardom, a journey that has seen his skills grace the greatest stages in world soccer
Beckham has agreed to a five-year contract with Los Angeles Galaxy . New contract took effect July 1, 2007 . Former English captain to meet press, unveil new shirt number Friday . CNN to look at Beckham as footballer, fashion icon and global phenomenon .
But the study released Thursday on the Science Express Web site, operated by the journal Science, cautioned that collapse disorder is likely caused by several factors. " Bee ecology expert and University of Florida professor Jamie Ellis said earlier this year that genetic weakness bred into bees over time, pathogens spread by parasites and the effects of pesticides and pollutants might be other factors. "The next step is to ascertain whether IAPV, alone or in concert with other factors, can induce CCD [colony collapse disorder] in healthy bees," said Ian Lipkin, director of the Center for Infection and Immunity at Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health
Colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees . Scientists suspect a virus may combine with other factors to collapse colonies . Disorder first cropped up in 2004, as bees were imported from Australia . $15 billion in U.S. crops each year dependent on bees for pollination .
LONDON, England -- Savers at a leading UK mortgage bank lined up for a second day to empty their accounts Saturday, a day after the lender was bailed out by the Bank of England after heavily slashing profit forecasts. Customers are believed to have already withdrawn about £1 billion ($2 billion) since the bank's woes were revealed, prompting speculation that the global credit crunch made raising funds through commercial borrowing difficult. " Northern Rock chief executive Adam Applegarth said yesterday that the bank had yet to draw on the emergency cash, which he called "a backdrop in case we need to use it", according to PA
Savers at leading UK mortgage bank lined up to empty their accounts . Northern Rock was bailed out by the Bank of England a day earlier . Reassurances that banks was safe have gone unheeded by many .
The alleged victims were identified as Bruce Fromong, a sports memorabilia collector who described the incident as "a home invasion-type robbery," and Alfred Beardsley, who has been quoted by celebrity Web site TMZ. Acting on a tip, police met over the weekend at McCarran International Airport with 46-year-old Walter Alexander, of Mesa, Arizona, who told them about the alleged robbery and validated the tipster's information, Capt. " The latest charges against Simpson mean he faces the prospect of another prosecution, more than a decade after the June 1994 stabbing deaths of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and Ron Goldman
No bail for ex-NFL star accused of directing men in alleged armed robbery . Simpson faces charges of robbery, assault, burglary and conspiracy . Alleged robbery involved sports-related items, police say . Simpson arrested Sunday in Las Vegas, but he says items were his .
LAGOS, Nigeria (Reuters) -- Nigeria's television survival show has been suspended after a contestant drowned in preparation for the program, said Dutch brewer Heineken's local unit which is sponsoring the show. Anthony Ogadje, 25, and nine other contestants had gone to Shere Hills Lake in Nigeria's hilly Plateau State to prepare for the "Gulder Ultimate Search," which sets a variety of physical challenges for participants. "All attempts to revive him by the attendant medical team and the lifeguards, including his fellow contestants, failed," said Nigerian Breweries, which is majority-owned by the Dutch giant
Anthony Ogadje, 25, reportedly drowned in Shere Hills Lake . He was preparing for the show, "Gulder Ultimate Search" Dutch brewer Heineken's local unit sponsors the program .
(CNN) -- A former government contract employee was indicted on charges of stealing restricted nuclear energy-related materials and putting the United States at risk, the Department of Justice announced Thursday. "While none of the stolen equipment was ever transmitted to a foreign government or terrorist organization, the facts of this case demonstrate the importance of safeguarding our nuclear technology and pursuing aggressive prosecution against those who attempt to breach the safeguards and put that technology in the wrong hands," Kenneth Wainstein, assistant attorney general for national security, said in the Justice Department statement. " Boyd said the technology park and the reservation "are protected by multiple layers of security systems and detection programs, both visible and unseen, meant to identify rogue employees attempting to abuse their access and position
NEW: Indictment: Man tried to pass nuclear filters to foreign agent . NEW: Roy Lynn Oakley appears in court in Tennessee after surrendering . NEW: Facility's role is to break down decommissioned equipment . NEW: Lawyer: Oakley's job was to break machine parts into pieces, pitch them .
LONDON, England -- Chelsea are waiting on the fitness of John Terry ahead of Wednesday's Champions League match with Valencia, but Frank Lampard has been ruled out. Center-back Terry suffered a broken cheekbone during Saturday's 0-0 draw with Fulham, and Chelsea manager Avram Grant will see how he fares during training on Tuesday before making a decision on his availability. Midfielder Michael Essien, who scored a last-minute winner for Chelsea to knock Valencia out of last season's Champions League, has also been battling a leg injury but he took part in training on Tuesday and is expected to play
Chelsea are still waiting on the fitness of England captain John Terry . Terry trained in a face mask ahead of the Champions League tie in Valencia . The central defender underwent surgery on a broken cheekbone on Sunday .
HONG KONG, China (Reuters) -- Paul Lee got his liver from an executed Chinese prisoner; Karam in Egypt bought a kidney for his sister for $5,300; in Istanbul Hakan is holding out for $30,700 for one of his kidneys. They are not so unusual: a dire shortage of donated organs in rich countries is sending foreigners with end-stage illnesses to poorer places like China, Pakistan, Turkey, Egypt, Colombia and the Philippines to buy a new lease of life. Hakan, a 27-year-old security guard in Istanbul with two young children who also requested only his first name be published, told Reuters he received five or six offers from Turkey and Germany, offering 10,000-15,000 lira ($11,600), but he's holding out for 40,000 lira
Organ shortage in rich states has created a trade from poorer countries . "Transplant tourists" travel to poor countries to buy organs from the desperate . Pakistan, where trade in human organs is legal, is turning into a "kidney bazaar" Patients pay $8,500 for a new kidney, while donors are paid just $300 to $1,000 .
Lohan's arrest this week in Los Angeles on suspicion of drunken driving and cocaine possession has left Hollywood wondering if the actress, who shot to fame as a child in Disney films like "The Parent Trap," is too risky to cast in a film. Insurance experts say the industry has long dealt with similar situations, although they may seem more frequent with the recent heavy media scrutiny of Lohan and fellow troubled party girls Paris Hilton and Britney Spears. Last July, a producer on Lohan's last film, "Georgia Rule," scolded her publicly for repeatedly showing up late on the set, costing the movie's makers hundreds of thousands of dollars
Because of troubles, Lindsay Lohan likely difficult to insure . Lohan supposed to appear in Shirley MacLaine film "Poor Things" Insurance rates may cost 1 to 3 percent of film's production budget .
The row began last month, when the Italian Football League, which is run by the presidents of clubs in the country's top two divisions, voted to start the season on August 26. In doing so, they ignored a request by Italy coach Roberto Donadoni to play the first round of matches midway through the month, to give his players time to gain match-fitness ahead of Euro 2008 qualifiers against France and Ukraine in early September. We wanted to start on August 19, to have an extra week's rest at Christmas and allow the national team to come into the big matches in September better prepared
Francesco Totti threatens to quit the Italian Players' Association . The Italy and Roma striker is upset over the early start to the new season . He says: We are the principal actors, but ... are never listened to."
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Allegations that Blackwater USA -- whose operations were suspended after 20 Iraqi civilians were shot to death last weekend -- was "in any way associated or complicit in unlawful arms activities are baseless," the company asserted Saturday. The first public hint that an investigation was under way came earlier this week in a statement from State Department Inspector General Howard Krongard after he was accused of blocking fraud investigations in Afghanistan and Iraq. Blackwater resumed normal security operations in Iraq on Friday, the State Department said, after a brief hiatus following the lethal incident last Sunday
Two employees bought, sold weapons on their own, company says . Company fired workers, turned them in to ATF, says source . Feds investigating claims Blackwater employees made illegal arms deals . Blackwater in spotlight after shootings last weekend that killed 20 Iraqis .
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Youssif, the 5-year-old burned Iraqi boy, rounded the corner at Universal Studios when suddenly the little boy hero met his favorite superhero. The couple said they had heard reports that a young girl was kidnapped and beheaded --and her killers sewed a dog's head on the corpse and delivered it to her family's doorstep. Sitting in the parking lot of a Target in suburban Los Angeles, Youssif's father watched as husbands and wives, boyfriends and girlfriends, parents and their children, came and went
Boy on meeting Spider-Man: "It was my favorite thing" Youssif also met SpongeBob, Lassie and an orangutan at Universal Studios . Dad: "Other than my wedding day, this is the happiest day of my life"
Thomas was found guilty Wednesday of kidnapping and conspiracy to commit several offenses -- including murder, larceny, housebreaking, kidnapping, and making false official statements -- for his involvement in the April 2006 death in Hamdaniya, Iraq. The 25-year-old was among seven Marines and a Navy medic who were charged in connection with the death of Hashim Ibrahim Awad, 52. He told his attorneys that after reviewing the evidence against him, he realized "that what happened overseas happened as a result of obedience to orders, and he hasn't done anything wrong," defense attorney Victor Kelley said
Cpl. Trent D. Thomas found guilty this week of conspiracy to commit murder . Marine gets rank of private, will be discharged for role in death of Iraqi civilian . Group's leader awaits trial on murder and conspiracy charges .
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Prince Harry led tributes to Diana, Princess of Wales on the 10th anniversary of her death, describing her as "the best mother in the world" in a speech at a memorial service. We tend to be suspicious of public figures who wrap themselves in divinity and claim that their will is God's will, but if no-one can articulate in an un-ignorable way in the public realm the creative energy of the love that we see in Christ, the human face of God, then we shall find ourselves inhabiting a maimed and diminished society. Her work in the very last year of her life for the victims of landmines also caught the popular imagination internationally and certainly accelerated the adoption of the Ottawa Convention, banning the use of a weapon which disproportionately kills and maims women and children
Prince Harry describes Princess Diana as "the best mother in the world" He asks for her to be remembered as "fun-loving, generous, down-to-earth, entirely genuine" Bishop of London praises her humanitarian work . He says that disputes about her death should "end here"
LONDON, England (CNN) -- French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner's declaration that France had to prepare for the possibility of war against Iran over its nuclear program was not conventional diplomatic behavior. Mr Kouchner, for example, became the first French Foreign Minister to visit Iraq since 1988, insisting that there could only be a political solution to the country's problems, not a military one, and offering France's services as a mediator and 'honest broker' between Sunnis, Shiites and Kurds. On Iran he is, in a way, merely echoing the words of his President who declared in a speech last month that a nuclear-armed Iran would be 'unacceptable' and describing the stand-off over its nuclear program as 'undoubtedly the most serious crisis before us today'
French FM Kouchner has told France to prepare for possibility of war with Iran . Was a surprise appointment to Nicolas Sarkozy's conservative government . Also the first French Foreign Minister to visit Iraq since 1988 . Founder of Medicins Sans Frontiers, also French student leader in May 1968 .
Further complicating things, Beethoven had hideous handwriting -- to the point that some scholars speculate the song was actually written "for Therese," as in Therese Malfatti, one of several women who turned down a marriage proposal from the notoriously lovesick maestro. After Sedaka gave a tape of the song to his boss, King and Goffin landed jobs at the legendary Brill Building pop music factory, where the duo went on to write chart-toppers like "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow" and "The Loco-Motion. The couple went out to brunch, hit an antiques store, and then returned to find the house just a bit chilly, at which point Nash literally "lit a fire," while Mitchell "placed the flowers in the vase that she bought that day
Several famous songs written by men for a woman . Beethoven's "Für Elise" may have been written "for Therese" Songwriters make up stories about who is behind "867-5309/Jenny"
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A wide-open presidential race and a willingness by candidates, interest groups, unions and corporations to buy TV time will lead to historic spending for political and issue-advocacy advertising in the 2008 election cycle, an analysis shows. In contrast, one of Romney's chief rivals for the GOP nomination, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, has spent nothing on television ads, but Giuliani leads in the national polls and is within striking distance of the lead in several state surveys. " What television advertising challenges do candidates and interest groups face in the coming months? "Chances are, just as what happened in 2006, voters will be numb after watching hundred and hundreds of ads," said Stuart Rothenberg, editor of the non-partisan Rothenberg Political Report
Amount almost double what was spent in 2004 election cycle . Lower TV production costs help more candidates advertise . Mitt Romney leads presidential candidates in TV spending . Advertisers face challenge of cutting through clutter of ads, analyst says .
Nationalities of the survivors include British, American, Swedish, Iranian, Austrian, Australian, Thai, German, Irish, Italian, Israeli and Dutch, authorities said. Airport officials said that the wind at the time of the crash was 17 kilometers an hour (11 miles an hour) with stronger gusts, but no planes were delayed or diverted because of the weather conditions. But they did say their aircraft were regularly checked and maintained, and denied some media reports that questioned whether the discount airline employed more inexperienced pilots for lower salaries
Relatives of the 89 people killed in Thai air crash are still arriving in Phuket . About 36 of the bodies have yet to be identified, according to Thai authorities . U.S. Embassy in Bangkok confirms that five Americans were among the dead . The investigation into what caused Sunday's crash is still continuing .
(CNN) -- Filmmaker Michael Moore, whose new documentary "Sicko" takes on America's health care system, faced off Tuesday with CNN chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon Dr. But he questioned Moore's apparent solution -- putting health care in the hands of the Bush administration, which Moore fiercely criticized in the past, particularly in his film "Fahrenheit 9/11. "I am sorry we've taken so much time trying to correct [Gupta's] facts here tonight instead of talking about the real issue" -- the ailing health care system, Moore said
Moore criticized a report Gupta did on CNN Monday on "Sicko" Gupta's report questions some of the movie's numbers and solutions . Gupta: "I thought it was a good movie, and I wanted to say that"
ally and NATO partner, was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks genocide and threatened to block access to Incirlik Air Base after the resolution passed a House committee vote. Carter Ham, the director of operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Pentagon planners are looking at "a broad range of options" to keep food, fuel and ammunition flowing to U. Globalsecurity said Incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to Iraq, taking over for Rhein-Main Air Base in Germany because it is closer to Iraq, reducing the strain on troops and aircraft
NEW: Majority Leader says a number of Dems are "revisiting their own positions" Turkey is upset about World War I "genocide" resolution in Congress . House resolution calls killing of Armenians "genocide" Incirlik Air Base is key point for U.S. military supply of Iraq mission .
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Twelve-year-old Mohammed Rasoul, his right leg severed below the knee, maneuvers on crutches over the dirt and loose stones through the Falluja graveyard. " CNN first broadcast his story in May where it caught the attention of an American charity, the Global Medical Relief Fund, which offered to help. " The Global Medical Relief Fund, a small charity based in New York that helps children of war and natural disasters, has arranged for surgery and treatment at the Shriners Children Hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Boy, 12, lost leg to car bombing in Iraq; cousin was killed by blast . He is now heading to the United States to get a prosthetic leg . Boy: "I want to ... meet this person that gave me my future back" Charity director says helping the boy makes her "cry with joy"
NEW DELHI, India (Reuters) -- India has elected its first female president, official results show, in what supporters are calling a boost for the rights of millions of downtrodden women, despite a bitter campaign marked by scandal. Pratibha Patil, the ruling coalition's 72-year-old nominee for the mainly ceremonial post, easily beat opposition-backed challenger and vice president, Bhairon Singh Shekhawat, in a vote by the national parliament and state politicians. But hope Patil's presidency would spark only positive talk about women's influence in India evaporated when it emerged the bank for women she helped established was closed in 2003 because of bad debts and amid accusations of financial irregularities
India elects first female president, official results show Saturday . Pratibha Patil's supporters are calling victory a boost for women's rights . Bitter election campaign was marked by scandal . 72-year-old Patil was the ruling coalition's nominee for mainly ceremonial post .
SAN DIEGO, California (CNN) -- More than 100 homes in an upscale San Diego community were evacuated after a landslide about 60 yards wide pulled the earth from beneath a three-lane road and some of the multimillion-dollar homes that adorn it. Holes were drilled into the unsettled hillside to investigate the cause and magnitude of the shift, which earlier ruptured a water line, and according to some media reports, began cracking Soledad Mountain Road in July. Pat Abbott, a retired geological sciences professor at San Diego State University, told the Union-Tribune that Mount Soledad is made up of weak layers of rock and that the culprit in the landslide is nature
San Diego mayor declares state of emergency; White House, governor offer aid . Officials were investigating the shifting earth in the area for weeks . Residents can return to 75 of the 111 evacuated homes Thursday, mayor says . "We watched the trees snapping and cracking," says one evacuated resident .
Chad's interior minister said Zoe's Ark dressed the children in bandages and fake intravenous drips to make them look like refugees who needed medical help. On its Web site, Zoe's Ark describes itself as a nonprofit organization based in Paris that sends teams of physicians, nurses, firefighters and other specialists to care for children in war zones and place them with families in France, who then apply for asylum on their behalf. "So far, the interviews carried out with the children -- some of whom could not provide any information due to their young age -- led to the preliminary conclusion that probably 85 come from Chadian villages near the cities of Adre and Tine along the Chadian-Sudanese border," the agencies said
NEW: Chadian president wants journalists, flight crew released . Red Cross, UNICEF, UNHCR interview children that charity tried to fly out of Chad . Most are not from Sudan and have families, agencies say . Six members of Zoe's Ark, 11 others under arrest in Chad .
The reason most cited -- by scientists and scientific organizations -- for the current warming trend is an increase in the concentrations of greenhouse gases, which are in the atmosphere naturally and help keep the planet's temperature at a comfortable level. The amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, for instance, has increased by 35 percent since the dawn of the industrial age, according to the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, commonly referred to as the IPCC. Many scientists and experts who have studied global warming believe the increase is primarily the result of human activities, like the burning of fossil fuels, emissions from vehicles and the clearing of forests
Earth has warmed one degree in past 100 years . Majority of scientists say greenhouse gases are causing temperatures to rise . Some critics say planets often in periods of warming or cooling .
MOGADISHU, Somalia (CNN) -- An enraged crowd dragged the body of an Ethiopian soldier through the streets of Somalia's capital Thursday after gun battles with Islamic insurgents killed 19 people, witnesses reported. The body was bound hand and foot with wire and wrapped in a sheet of plastic when insurgents pulled it out of a car and left it with the crowd in the northern Mogadishu neighborhood of Suqa Holaha, witnesses reported. Ethiopian troops arrived in Somalia in December 2006 to help a weak Somali government drive the Islamic Courts Union out of Mogadishu and restore a U
Ethiopian soldier dragged after battle with Islamic insurgents killed 19 people . The body was bound hand and foot with wire and wrapped in a sheet of plastic . Incident recalls 1993 dragging of U.S. soldier through streets of Mogadishu . Washington is concerned Somalia could turn into a safe haven for terrorists .
In another development, a judge signed an order to exhume the body of Drew Peterson's third wife, who was found drowned in a bathtub in 2004, said Will County State Attorney James Glasgow. Drew Peterson allowed a limited search on the night his wife was reported missing, but investigators were not allowed to look throughout the entire house and were given access to only one of the vehicles at that time, Dobrich said. " New information turned up during the investigation also raised questions about the death of Peterson's third wife, Kathleen Savio, which was ruled an accident by a coroner's jury, Glasgow said
NEW: Judge signs order to exhume the body of Drew Peterson's third wife . Peterson has said he believed his fourth wife left him for another man . Police: Case shifts from a missing persons search to a potential homicide . Friends and family: Stacy Peterson expressed concerns about her husband .
QUEBEC, Canada -- Third seed Julia Vakulenko will face comeback queen Lindsay Davenport in her first WTA Tour final at the Bell Challenge on Sunday. "Sometimes you play your best and win easy, but sometimes you don't play your best and really have to fight hard," said Vakulenko, who squandered points for 5-3 leads in both the second and third sets. The 31-year-old, who is unseeded after accepting a wild-card to enter the Canadian tournament for the first time, also had to battle to beat Russian second seed Vera Zvonareva 6-2 6-7 (3-7) 6-3 in the semifinals
Julia Vakulenko has reached her first final on the WTA Tour at Bell Challenge . The Ukrainian third seed will face Lindsay Davenport after beating Julie Ditty . Former world No. 1 Davenport defeated Russian second seed Vera Zvonareva .
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Hours after declaring a state of emergency Saturday, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf ordered troops to take a television station's equipment and put a popular opposition leader under house arrest. The government also issued a directive warning the media that any criticism of the president or prime minister would be punishable by three years in jail and a fine of up to $70,000, said Talat Hussain, director of news and current affairs for AAJ. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice -- who is in Turkey for a conference with Iraq and neighboring nations -- said The United States doesn't support any extra-constitutional measures taken by Musharraf
NEW: President Musharraf orders troops to take a television station's equipment . Pakistani opposition leader Imran Khan says he's under house arrest . President Musharraf says his actions are for the good of the country . White House calls Musharraf's emergency declaration "disappointing"
Singer is accused of sending images depicting child pornography to people he believed to be a 12-year-old girl and her 33-year-old mother, according to a statement issued by U. "On five separate occasions in August 2007, Singer sent several images of child pornography over the Internet to the mother and the daughter, including images depicting sexual acts between minors and adults and images depicting known victims of child exploitation," prosecutors said. " A search of Singer's AOL account activity showed that from July to September, he sent about 80 images featuring child pornography to people including the detective, authorities said in the statement
Robert A. Singer is accused of e-mailing child porn to 12-year-old girl . 12-year-old girl was actually undercover New York City detective . Singer was identified in court document as National Children's Museum spokesman . Washington museum officials say they are "horrified" by the charges .
(CNN) -- With his hands and feet shackled and his face obscured by his long hair, Chester Arthur Stiles made his initial court appearance in Las Vegas, Nevada, on Wednesday morning on charges stemming from the videotaped rape of a 2-year-old girl. Prosecutors added a couple more charges before Wednesday's hearing, bringing the total to 23 felony counts, including a charge of lewdness with a minor, sexual assault and the use of a child in the production of pornography, according to a statement issued by the Clark County, Nevada, court. Thomas said she screamed when she recognized the photos on television and had no choice but to contact police about the man she had thought was a "weapons enthusiast" with only a minor criminal record
NEW: Accused pedophile Chester Arthur Stiles gets additional charges . NEW: "I think he's a little out of it," his attorney says . Suspect's ex-girlfriend: "I've had my share of nightmares" Stiles, 37, arrested following a routine traffic stop .
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa -- South African fast bowler Dale Steyn took a career-best five for 34 as the Proteas took a tight grip on the first test against New Zealand in Johannesburg. New Zealand, 41 for two overnight, lost nightwatchman Shane Bond, bowled by a Steyn yorker, before Makhaya Ntini claimed the crucial wicket of Fleming, who was well caught by AB de Villiers diving to his left at third slip. They batted together for 205 minutes, Amla facing 230 balls and hitting 13 boundaries in his 85 while Kallis hit 12 fours off 122 deliveries in reaching 76
South Africa lead New Zealand by 287 with 8 wickets standing in the 1st test . The Proteas reach 179-2 in their second innings after the Kiwis are 118 all out . South African paceman Dale Steyn takes a career-best 5-34.
Best way to cut jeans into shorts -- What better way to declare the start of summer? The key to cutting off jeans is not to go too short too soon. Ninety-degree days? Bring 'em on! The best way to catch fireflies -- How? With womanly wiles: "Fireflies blink to attract a mate," explains naturalist Lynn Havsall, director of programs at the George B. Take it from lifeguard Benjamin Guss, 25, of Del Mar, California, who recently qualified to compete in this year's Iron Man triathlon (yes, that means swimming 2
Real Simple tips can add up to great summer . Best way to catch fireflies starts with easiest to catch . Tip on how not to look like a gladiator when wearing espadrilles . There is a graceful way to get in and out of a hammock .
The reason behind the jump in the number of Iraqis at the school is a new government policy: For the first time since the start of the Iraq war, Jordan is allowing all Iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools. In a nearby neighborhood, in the study room of the Ahmed Toukan School for Boys, a handful of Iraqi kids talk of their experience living far from home. Regardless of what the final number will be this year, the population shift in the Middle East is, according to UNHCR head Antonio Guterres, the largest urban refugee situation in the world
Jordan opens school doors to all Iraqi children, regardless of refugee status . Principal says her school is 20 percent Iraqi this year . Education minister: Iraqi kids will be incorporated into "mainstream" life . One student says he lost five family members in Iraq .
(CNN) -- After weeks of controversy over Michael Mukasey's views on waterboarding, the Senate late Thursday approved the former judge's nomination for attorney general by a 53-40 vote. The nomination had been considered at risk after a number of Democratic senators opposed Mukasey because of questions that arose from his views on the terror interrogation technique known as waterboarding and the president's power to order electronic surveillance. "The Department of Justice, once the crown jewel among government institutions, is adrift and rudderless," Schumer said Tuesday -- the same day the committee voted 11-8 to send Mukasey's nomination to the Senate floor
President Bush nominated Mukasey to replace Alberto Gonzales . Mukasey is a former federal chief judge in New York . Some Democratic senators opposed nominee due to views on waterboarding . Human rights groups consider waterboarding a form of torture .
Volunteers take turns three days a week driving a tanker truck or Orme's diesel-belching 1961 fire truck to a hydrant near Bridgeport, Alabama, 2½ miles down the road. " In addition, an Austin, Texas, company called H2O Guard is planning to donate water-saving sink aerators, shower heads and toilet valves to everyone in Orme on November 17, company spokesman Robert Easter said. " Reames said residents have found creative ways to conserve, flushing toilets with condensation water from air conditioners and undrinkable water from swimming pools that were filled early in the summer
Orme, Tennessee, has running water from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Town's spring ran dry in midst of Southeast drought . Donated water is trucked in from Alabama . Completion of pipeline will solve problem for good .
(CNN) -- China has suspended exports of the Aqua Dots toys contaminated with a chemical that can convert to a powerful "date rape" drug, the state-run Xinhua news agency reported Saturday. In the United States, the Washington-based safety commission said it has in recent days received two reports detailing the severe effects of the digested beads, which are part of a craft kit aimed at kids 4 years and older. government safety officials and retailers voluntarily recalled at least 69,000 Chinese-made toys over concerns of excessive amounts of lead paint, which can cause hazardous lead poisoning
State-run news agency: China orders an investigation by quality control agencies . Children who swallow the beads can become comatose or have seizures . Toys are sold as Aqua Dots in the U.S., as Bindeez Beads in Australia . Three children were hospitalized in Australia after swallowing large quantities .
(CNN) -- Tens of thousands of Congolese refugees fled camps Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of Congo as rebel troops attacked government forces in the area, the U. High Commissioner for Refugees said it didn't appear rebels had targeted the camps, but it reported some were looted after camp residents, classified as internally displaced persons, fled. Congolese President Joseph Kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under Nkunda, but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts, according to the International Crisis Group, an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts
NEW: Congo rebels blame Rwandan Hutus for attack, report says . Internally displaced Congolese flee as rebels attack government troops . Torrential rain makes refugee movement difficult . U.N. refugee agency: Some 375,000 have been forced from homes in past year .
(LiveWire) -- Voluble Gary Vaynerchuk, 31, the host of "Wine Library TV," an online video show, has been known to lick rocks, suck leather and eat dirt while on camera, all to illustrate the unique properties of wine. Across the Internet, budding wine geeks are discovering a burgeoning number of Web sites, blogs, bulletin boards and other outlets that preach the gospel of the grape in terms they can understand. The 300-plus shows he has taped in the past two years have developed a cult following of online fans, who call themselves "Vayniacs," share wine tips and obsess about their hero on the site's forum
"Wine Library TV" Internet show has about 40,000 regular viewers . Show takes irreverent look at wine business . Wine consumption has risen in United States for last 15 years .
The reason behind the jump in the number of Iraqis at the school is a new government policy: For the first time since the start of the Iraq war, Jordan is allowing all Iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools. In a nearby neighborhood, in the study room of the Ahmed Toukan School for Boys, a handful of Iraqi kids talk of their experience living far from home. Regardless of what the final number will be this year, the population shift in the Middle East is, according to UNHCR head Antonio Guterres, the largest urban refugee situation in the world
Jordan opens school doors to all Iraqi children, regardless of refugee status . Principal says her school is 20 percent Iraqi this year . Education minister: Iraqi kids will be incorporated into "mainstream" life . One student says he lost five family members in Iraq .
The Category 4 cyclone raked Bangladesh's southwest coast on Thursday with maximum sustained winds of 241 km/h (150 mph), destroying fishermen's hamlets and villages. Agency for International Development (USAID) is airlifting in relief supplies and an 18-person Department of Defense medical team is in Bangladesh helping the estimated 15,000 injured by the storm. International aid groups -- including Save the Children, World Vision, and the Red Crescent, which already have offices in Bangladesh -- are deploying resources to the cyclone-stricken region but -- like the government -- they have found it nearly impossible to reach the more remote areas to assess conditions
Survivors of Cyclone Sidr in Bangladesh waiting for aid to arrive . Red Crescent Society official says deaths could rise to 5,000-10,000 . Bangladeshi president distributes aid; angry survivors go empty-handed . Thousands remain missing; estimated 280,000 homeless .
GLASGOW, Scotland -- World champions Italy clinched qualification for Euro 2008 after goals in the first and last minutes gave them a pulsating 2-1 victory at Hampden Park -- killing off Scotland's hopes of reaching the finals. The Derby striker quickly began to cause the Italians problems and delivered a wonderful diagonal cross to the feet of McFadden but he fired wide when it looked easier score. Hutton appeared to be barged over in front of the corner flag but the referee inexplicably awarded the free-kick the other way and Panucci rose to meet Pirlo's cross and nod home the winner
Italy win 2-1 in Scotland to secure their qualification for the Euro 2008 finals . The result means Scotland cannot qualify and will now finish third in Group B . France will also be reaching the Euro 2008 finals after the result in Glasgow .
Several days ago, an Azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical Islamic group seized four assault rifles, a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of Baku, the ministry spokesman and U. Government security forces tracked down the group and arrested several members during a sweep on Saturday in the village of Mastaga, about 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Baku, the spokesman said. Embassy encourages Americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security," it said
Authorities uncover a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. embassy in Baku . The United States has reduced its embassy's operations . Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday .
" The result is a boost for rising British star Andy Murray, who earlier kept alive his hopes of an unexpected place at the Masters Cup by winning his first match in Paris and was expected to face Djokovic. Murray, who won his second title this year at the St Petersburg Open last Sunday, made a confident start against Nieminen and showed little sign of the stiff back he suffered after a minor car crash on Monday. The Russian, fined for "lack of effort" after his defeat by Croatian qualifier Marian Cilic in St Petersburg, will next face Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus in round three after Baghdatis shocked 13th seed Ivan Ljubicic
World No. 3 Novak Djokovic beaten in the second round of the Paris Masters . The Serb, who had a first-round bye, lost 6-3 6-2 to veteran Fabrice Santoro . Top seeds Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal win opening matches at Bercy .
(InStyle) -- After years in the bronze age, when sun-kissed cheeks and gloss reigned supreme, fall's return to glamour means that lipstick is making a major comeback. Sally Hansen Gentle Peel for Rough Lips ($10; at drugstores) uses fruit enzymes to remove dry patches. To avoid an unnaturally dark outline, use a shade that's lighter than your lipstick, like Revlon Colorstay lip liner in Plum ($8; at drugstores)
Gloss taking backseat to bold colors in lipsticks . Exfoliate lips before applying a bold hue . Melissa Silver: "Anyone can wear plum or sheer red" at night . AJ Crimson likes subtle pink or sheer beige for all skin tones for day .
As Katherine Heigl crosses the parking lot of the sandwich shop at the Roosevelt Golf Course at Griffith Park in Los Angeles, she walks stiffly, holding her arms away from her like a paper doll and apologizing profusely for running 10 minutes late. Considering this fondness for all things beauty -- as well as Heigl's impressive acting range -- she plays TV dramedy as deftly as cinematic romantic comedy, as in the mega-hit "Knocked Up" and next year's 27 Dresses -- it seems natural for her to be In Style's first ever triple-cover girl. [Into the tape recorder:] Send me a box of makeup, Stila! When that happens, I feel like I have to clean out and give stuff to my sister, mom and friends because there comes a point of gluttony that I can't accept
"Grey's Anatomy" actress Katherine Heigl has own production company . Star of hit movie Knocked Up" is getting married . Doesn't go without makeup for fear of ugly photographs . Says shopping for wedding dress is "grueling"
But only circus freaks (and by that we mean "enthusiasts") will get a kick out of seeing a stale piece of cake from the wedding of Barnum's 40-inch-tall sidekick, General Tom Thumb. Kennedy, so why not have more than one museum devoted to it as well? Most JFK buffs are familiar with the Sixth Floor Museum housed in the former Texas School Book Depository, which recounts all those boring "mainstream" details of the late president's life leading up to his death at the hands of Lee Harvey Oswald. This clever device required patrons to enclose their bodies, sans head, in a large tube where they were pounded with magnetic and radio waves in attempts to reverse the aging process
If you build it, the tourists will come to your museum . Museums for hobos, medical oddities and trash . Kentucky museum is where dummies go to die .
PARIS, France (CNN) -- Interpol on Monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the Internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys. "We have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice, but we are now convinced that without the public's help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens," Noble said. "The decision to make public this man's picture was not one which was taken lightly," said Kristin Kvigne, assistant director of Interpol's Trafficking in Human Beings Unit
Man posted photos on the Internet of himself sexually abusing underage boys . Computer experts managed to undo digital masking to reveal the man . Man abused 12 boys in Vietnam and Cambodia .
In October 1851 Paul Julius Reuter, a German-born immigrant, opened an office in the City of London which transmitted stock market quotations between London and Paris via the new Calais-Dover cable. Today Reuters has over 16,900 staff in over 94 countries across the globe, and is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, with 196 bureaux serving approximately 131 countries. Some 370,000 financial market professionals working in the equities, fixed income, foreign exchange, money, commodities and energy markets around the world use Reuters products
Reuters was founded in 1851 by Julius Reuter, transmitting market quotations . The company was first in Europe with news of President Lincoln's assassination . Today Reuters has 196 bureaux serving approximately 131 countries.
(CNN) -- Six of the seven college students killed in a massive house fire Sunday morning in Ocean Isle Beach, North Carolina, attended the University of South Carolina, a university official said Sunday. " The USC students were affiliated with the Delta Delta Delta sorority and the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, Pruitt said, although he stressed that the weekend was not an official Greek function. The 7-mile-long island's year-round population is about 425, while the summer season population is about 25,000, according to the town's Web site
Six of seven dead in fire were University of South Carolina students . Official: Six treated at hospital and released were also USC students . Mayor Debbie Smith said one of 13 at house is related to owner of house . Victims' names not being released until families are notified .
People line the streets, cars congest them, trash collectors and other city workers have returned, local leaders are holding community meetings again and "markets have come back like gangbusters," said Army Col. Also helping improve the security situation are the cease-fire by radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr's Mehdi Army and the development of a program that employs "concerned local citizens" to assist U. Paul Folmsbee, a State Department provincial reconstruction team leader, said at the same news conference that his personnel was handling development issues involving law, governance, economic development and essential services
Official: Streets bustling, workers returning, markets "back like gangbusters" Troop surge, citizens groups, Mehdi Army cease-fire all help security situation . Iranian weapons, fighters still posing problems in northeastern Baghdad . Commander says more families will return when basic services fully restored .
Elsewhere, the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office filed arson charges Friday against a 41-year-old Sun Valley man who witnesses said set a fire in the West Hills neighborhood and walked away. In San Bernardino, east of Los Angeles, John Rund, of Hesperia, was arrested Wednesday on arson charges after a witness reported seeing him in brush near the starting point of a fire Tuesday, the sheriff's department said. Investigators have determined that the Grass Valley fire in San Bernardino County was not caused by arson, and a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 11,675-acre Slide fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor, sheriff's spokeswoman Cindy Beaver said
NEW: White truck seen on Santiago Canyon Road near time fire started . Charges filed against man who allegedly set small fire and walked off . Catalino Pineda one of five arrested in arson investigations this week . Arson investigations continue across multiple California counties .
(CNN) -- The partnership started as a single shop on Oxford Street in London, opened in 1864 by John Lewis. Today the partnership is an organization with bases throughout the UK, with supermarkets and department stores, employing approximately 67,100 people. All 67,100 permanent staff are Partners who own 26 John Lewis department stores, 183 Waitrose supermarkets, an online and catalogue business, John Lewis Direct a direct services company - Greenbee, three production units and a farm
John Lewis Partnership began as a shop on London's Oxford street in 1864 . All 67,100 employees are partners in the organization and own shares .
(CNN) -- The company was founded in 1985 by seven communications industry veterans -- Franklin Antonio, Adelia Coffman, Andrew Cohen, Klein Gilhousen, Irwin Jacobs, Andrew Viterbi and Harvey White. One of Qualcomm's first products was OmniTRACS, introduced in 1988, which is currently the largest satellite-based commercial mobile system for the transportation industry. " The company has been listed among Fortune's "100 Best Companies to Work For in America" for nine years in a row and the magazine's list of" Most Admired Companies
The company has become a huge name in communications in just 20 years . Qualcomm has a portfolio of approximately 6,100 U.S. patents . Fortune lists the company as one of the 100 best places to work in the U.S.
She was found Friday with family in Las Vegas after thousands of tips poured in, thanks to an appeal by police to the news media to show the girl's picture. " A former Las Vegas animal trainer, Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, a resident of Pahrump, Nevada, has been identified as a suspect and is being sought in the case, De Meo said. Tuck, who also allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police, faces a possible 10-years-to-life sentence for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography, De Meo said
Stiles described as "survivalist type" who carries a weapon . Mother has cooperated with police, sheriff says . Girl on tape, now 7, found safe with family . Tape shows man sexually abusing the girl 4 years ago .
When Stanley respectfully explained that (a) temperatures during summer nights in Dallas often exceed 80 degrees and (b) a high-fashion tastemaker might need bigger closets, Wright threw a series of tantrums. Everything about the legendary Surrealist painter (he of the melting clocks) -- from his whacked-out paintings to his curled-up mustache -- was designed to shock, destroy convention, cause scandal, and stir controversy. During a 1911 performance of the critically hated "Paris is a Paradise for Coons" (title not edited for political correctness), Jolson stopped and asked the audience if they'd rather hear him sing than see the rest of the play
Frank Lloyd Wright wanted store magnate to sleep on porch . Salvador Dalí's stated ambitions were bigger than Napoleon's . Ayn Rand: Laughing at yourself same as "spitting in your own face"
PARIS, France -- AC Milan's Brazilian midfielder Kaka has been named European player of the year, lifting France Football's Ballon d'Or award. The runner-up was Manchester United's Portuguese winger Cristiano Ronaldo with Barcelona's Argentinian midfielder Lionel Messi finishing third. He was part of Brazil's 2002 World Cup winning squad, although he was limited to just 19 minutes as a substitute against Costa Rica
Brazilian Kaka is named European player of the year . The AC Milan player is chosen ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo of Manchester Utd . Argentine Lionel Messi of Barcelona finishes third .
It believed that with a National Health Service being introduced a year later, there would still be a need for a complimentary service enabling people from all walks of life to afford the benefits of choice in where, when and by whom they were treated. Led by the growing public demand for health care and a lack of quality private accommodation BUPA initiated the Nuffield Homes Charitable Trust - later renamed Nuffield Hospitals. The company's UK care homes offer specialist care to residents who include the elderly, the mentally ill, young people with physical or learning disabilities and people with conditions such as Parkinson's and Huntington's diseases
BUPA was founded in 1947 in response to plans to establish the NHS . The company's biggest base is in the UK but has customers in three continents . BUPA care homes cater for a number of conditions, including Parkinson's .
(CNN) -- The owner of a North Carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said Monday that his family's "lives were just changed forever" by the tragedy. "If any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this, it is South Carolina," Laura said at a Monday afternoon press conference. Fire survivor Tripp Wylie, a 20-year-old South Carolina sophomore, said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends
"Heartbroken" house owner's daughter among six survivors hospitalized . One survivor jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape . University of South Carolina mourns deaths of six students .
The MI5 head added that over recent years much of the command and inspiration for attack planning in the UK had come from al Qaeda's remaining core leadership in the tribal areas of Pakistan. However, he said in the last 12 months terrorist plots on British soil were increasingly inspired by al Qaeda cadres in other countries, including in Iraq and East Africa. "A number of countries continue to devote considerable time and energy trying to steal our sensitive technology on civilian and military projects and trying to obtain political and economic intelligence at our expense," he said
UK intel chief says children as young as 15 involved in terrorist-related activity . Jonathan Evans: At least 2,000 people in Britain who pose threat to security . MI5 chief said the actual number could be double that .
The restrictionists insist that what bothers them are merely practical concerns: that our borders aren't secure, that so many immigrants are coming into the country illegally, and that the new arrivals are burdening schools and draining social services once they get here. That seems to be the issue in North Dakota, where, according to a recent article in USA Today, towns facing tough economic times are nonetheless resisting a cultural transfusion that could save them. It conjures up the alarm bells that Benjamin Franklin set off about German immigrants in the late 18th century, who he insisted could never adopt the culture of the English, but would "swarm into our Settlements, and by herding together establish their Language and Manners to the Exclusion of ours
Navarrette: Opponents see Hispanic immigrants as weakening U.S. identity . One town demanded all library books be in English, Navarrette says . Hispanics the latest to find themselves at center of culture war .
Camoranesi picked up a headed knock-down from substitute Vincenzo Iaquinta before seeing his shot deflect off defender Walter Samuel to leave goalkeeper Julio Cesar helpless. Inter took a first-half lead when Argentine striker Julio Cruz broke Juve's offside trap and latched onto Brazilian midfielder Cesar's through ball before firing past Gianluigi Buffon. Siena snatched a share of the spoils from Parma in a 2-2 draw as Daniele Galloppa scored in the last minute while Napoli needed an injury time goal from striker Ezequiel Lavezzi to deny rock-bottom Reggina their first win of the season, forcing them to settle for a 1-1 draw in the south
A Mauro Camoranesi goal earns Juventus a 1-1 draw with leaders Inter Milan . Argentine striker Julio Cruz had given injury-hit Inter the lead in the first half . The result maintains Inter's unbeaten record and moves them two points clear .
(CNN) -- One Australian soldier, three civilians and Taliban militants were killed early Friday during heavy fighting in southern Afghanistan, according to information from Australian and NATO officials. The SOTG was conducting an operation to clear an identified Taliban bomb making facility in Uruzgan province, when the soldier was hit by small arms fire," Chief of the Defence Force Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston said. NATO's International Security Assistance Force said "a significant number of Taliban insurgents were killed or captured as part of the operation
Taliban militants kill Australian commando in southern Afghanistan . He was shot during operation to clear Taliban bomb making facility in Uruzgan . This is the fourth Australian soldier to die in the conflict in Afghanistan . Several militants killed and a coalition troop injured in other fighting in southeast .
At a news conference this afternoon, police confirmed the dead numbered two girls, five boys and the school's headmistress at Jokela High in Tuusula, a quiet town around 50 kilometers (30 miles) north of Helsinki. As well as video footage of the Columbine school shootings, it also included clips of the 1993 Waco siege in the United States, the 1995 sarin gas attack in Tokyo, and bombs falling on Baghdad during the 2003 invasion. When the police's special SWAT unit entered the high school they found the gunman unconscious and in critical condition in the lower lobby of the building with a gunshot wound to his head
NEW: Teen gunman is dead, Finnish police say . Eight people, including headmistress, shot at Finnish school, say police . Firearm bought legally last month, shooting began in school's lower lobby . Shooting appeared to have been planned in series of YouTube videos .
LONDON, England -- France coach Raymond Domenech has again omitted striker David Trezeguet from his squad for this month's friendly against Morocco and the Euro 2008 qualifier against the Ukraine. Trezeguet has scored scored 10 goals in 11 Serie A matches for Juventus this season -- including two hat-tricks -- but has failed to win his way back into the 24-man party. Ben Arfa is joined in the squad by club-mate Karim Benzema, while Bolton's Nicholas Anelka is also among the forwards named despite still recovering from an injury
David Trezeguet omitted from France squad to play Morocco and the Ukraine . The Juventus striker last played for his country in the 1-0 defeat by Scotland . He was dropped for the wins against Lithuania and the Faroe Islands .
(CNN) -- Polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs tried to hang himself earlier this year while he was in jail awaiting trial, according to court documents unsealed by a Utah judge on Tuesday. Jeffs, the leader and so-called prophet of the 10,000-member Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, is now awaiting sentencing after being convicted on two counts of being an accomplice to rape. Among the documents is a competency report on Jeffs completed in April, in which social worker Eric Nielsen wrote that throughout the month of January, Jeffs refused food and drink and developed ulcers on his knees from kneeling in prayer for hours
Documents say after suicide attempt, Jeffs repeatedly banged head on cell wall . Transcripts say Jeffs confessed to "immorality," said he is not "the prophet" Jeffs' attorneys say he has recanted statements . Jeffs due to be sentenced November 20 on accomplice to rape charge .
SHANGHAI, China -- Championship leader Lewis Hamilton spun out of the Chinese Grand Prix to send the world title race to a cliffhanger finale in Brazil on October 21. Raikkone's team-mate Felipe Massa was third, while fourth place was claimed by Toro Rosso's Sebastien Vettel, who was last week reprimanded for causing an accident in Japan behind the safety car while Hamilton was cleared of any wrongdoing. Britain's Jenson Button was fifth in a Honda ahead of Vettel's team-mate Vitantonio Liuzzi, while Germany's Nick Heidfeld was seventh for BMW Sauber and David Coulthard of Scotland took the final point for Red Bull
Lewis Hamilton fails to clinch world title after spinning out of the Chinese GP . Briton's lead cut to four points by McLaren team-mate Fernando Alonso . Alonso finished second in Shanghai behind Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen .
(CNN) -- As part of an effort to share the best practices of modern business among organizations across the globe, CNN is talking to some of the world's top executives. The first of these master classes will be based at the China Europe International Business School in Shanghai and will be aired November 10 and 11. The CNN Boardroom Master classes will take place in the homes of the world's largest stock markets -- Shanghai, New York and London
CNN will host three Boardroom Master Classes with business experts . The first event will feature Starbucks Chairman Howard Schultz . Schultz will take e-mail and video questions from the CNN audience .
JD: Strategically and a geopolitical question here: the Crown Prince came out and declared what Iran's intentions really are -- in his view -- for a nuclear policy, and called for greater diplomacy right ahead of a visit by the President of Iran to the country. JD: Historically, Iran has even made claims against Bahrain, what do you do now moving forward now? Do you bring Russia, China, the United States and the European Union closer together, in terms of where we should be going in the future? SM: We've resolved our historical issue with Iran, and we are well beyond that, but going forward. He was appointed in June 2005, following 10 years working directly for His Highness Sheikh Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa, Crown Prince, Commander-in-Chief of the Bahrain Defense Force and Chairman of the Economic Development Board
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa steers Bahrain's economic growth . Says Bahrain's strength is its "human capital" in the finance sector . Calls on world to unite to resolve nuclear dispute with Iran .
Algerian Interior Minister Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni blamed a militant Islamic group with ties to al Qaeda for the attacks, which also targeted a building housing Algeria's Constitutional Council and Supreme Court. Most of those killed in the coordinated attacks were victims of the first suspected car bombing near the Constitutional Council -- which oversees elections -- and Supreme Court in the Algiers neighborhood of Ben Aknoun, according to the state-run Algeria Press Agency. CNN International Security Correspondent Paula Newton said the merger combined the expertise of Algerian guerrillas with the operational ability of al Qaeda in North Africa, enabling the group to penetrate the usually extensive security in high-profile areas of Algiers
Two bombs explode in Algerian capital near government and U.N. buildings . Algeria blames group linked to al Qaeda . Official death toll is 26, but some sources say as high as 76 . U.N. officials say five of its staff killed and 14 missing .
MADRID, Spain -- Lionel Messi scored for the sixth game in a row as Barcelona defeated big-spending Atletico Madrid 3-0 to stay in touch with Primera Liga leaders Real Madrid. After 15 minutes, Italian goalkeeper Christian Abbiati let a routine Messi cross slip out of his hands and Deco rolled home into the empty net. Dutch international Ruud van Nistelrooy, the league's top-scorer last season, scored on 72 minutes before Gonzalo Higuain netted in the final minute to keep Real at the summit
Lionel Messi scores for the sixth game in a row as Barca defeat Atletico 3-0 . Real Madrid stay top of the Primera Liga table after defeating Recreativo 2-0 . Sevilla's crisis continues as they lose their four league match in succession .
Toyota is a relative newcomer to F1 but, having this year surpassed General Motors as the world's number one automobile manufacturer, and reputedly having the best funded team in the paddock (a position that hasn't been reflected in sporting success), it is not without clout. Tilke, a German architect redesigned a number of F1 circuits in the 1990s and has since designed many new grand prix tracks including Malaysia, Istanbul, Bahrain and Shanghai, and the tracks for 2008's debut grands prix in Singapore and Valencia. "In order to avoid losing precious time during the race weekend, we need to have as accurate as possible a picture of downforce levels, gearbox ratios and brake specification in advance," says Willy Rampf, Technical Director of the BMW Sauber F1 Team
Re-designed Fuji Speedway to host its first Japanese Grand Prix since 1977 . Suzuka to alternate with Fuji from 2009 . Computer models used to prepare teams for the unfamiliar circuit .
NYON, Switzerland -- Celtic have been fined $50,800 by UEFA and AC Milan's Dida has been banned for two matches after the incident which saw a pitch-invading supporter approach the Brazilian goalkeeper in last week's Champions League match at Celtic Park. UEFA's control and disciplinary body found Celtic guilty of charges of "lack of organisation and improper conduct of supporters", while Dida was found to have breached UEFA's "principles of loyalty, integrity and sportsmanship". " Celtic acted swiftly to punish the 27-year-old supporter, who turned himself in and has since admitted a breach of the peace in court and will be sentenced next month
AC Milan's Brazilian goalkeeper Dida is suspended by UEFA for two matches . Dida was banned for his over-reacting to being touched by a Celtic supporter . Celtic have been fined $50,800 for allowing the fan to run onto the field of play .
"There's absolutely no reason that the veterans' bill could not have been signed by the president today, except for the political games that the Democrats decided to play with it," White House press secretary Dana Perino said Sunday in Crawford, Texas. On Saturday, the Democratic congressional leadership sent a letter to President Bush saying they welcomed a dialogue on spending, sayings disagreements over funding levels "have never been so great that we cannot reach agreement on a spending plan that meets the needs of the American people. " "Key to this dialogue, however, is some willingness on your part to actually find common ground," House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-California, and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada, said in the letter
White House accuses Democrats of holding hostage funding for veterans care . Funding was attached to large health-labor-education bill . White House says it wants a clean bill that only funds veterans programs . Democrats call on White House to engage in a dialogue on spending levels .
(CNN) -- Muddy but unhurt, three University of Texas students emerged from a cramped cave complex in Austin, Texas, after a day-long search Sunday. Matt Cox, an Austin Fire Department spokesman, said the students -- two women and one man -- were reported missing early Sunday after a trip into Airman's Cave, about four miles south of the university's campus. They were found about halfway down the 12,000-foot-long cave, which has few spaces big enough for an adult to stand upright and is explored primarily by experienced spelunkers
Three Austin cave explorers are safe and are out of the cave, officials said . The University of Texas students went into Airman's Cave Saturday . The 12,000 foot long cave complex has tight twists and turns . Unclear exactly how the students lost their way, but cave is complex, official said .
first lady Laura Bush -- in a rare foray into foreign policy -- called on Myanmar's military junta to "step aside," give up the "terror campaigns" against its people and allow for a democratic Myanmar in a commentary published in Wednesday's Wall Street Journal. Myanmar state media has reported that 2,000 people were detained during the demonstrations and the crackdown against them -- under an emergency law imposed on September 25 banning assembly of more than five people -- and that 700 of those people have been released. The official death toll from Myanmar's leadership is at 10, but there are reports that hundreds were killed and thousands arrested in the wake of the demonstrations that peaked late September, which were led by Myanmar's Buddhist monks
Laura Bush calls on Myanmar junta to "step aside," allow for a democracy . Military leaders must give up the "terror campaigns" against its people, she says . Junta should release Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders, she says . Her rare foray into foreign policy was published in the Wall Street Journal .
NEW ALBANY, Indiana (CNN) -- President Bush vetoed a $600 billion spending bill Tuesday, accusing Democratic leaders of wasting money and plotting tax increases, then took his budget fight with Congress on the road. Bush signed a $470 billion Pentagon spending bill that covers the Defense Department's normal operations, but Democrats split $50 billion in spending for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan off into a "bridge fund" to which they plan to attach demands for Bush to withdraw U. Bush acknowledged the difficulties Americans face from high fuel prices, a "challenged" housing market and "uncertainty" in financial markets stemming from the collapse of the subprime mortgage market -- "but as we have seen in recent years, this economy is resilient, and that's important for the American people to understand
Bush says most of Congress "acting like a teenager with a new credit card" Bill would have funded agencies, but also a prison museum, sailing school . House panel chairman: Bush's veto "not responsible and not credible" Democrats to schedule override vote, but Bush GOP allies confident about veto .
The Sale Sharks forward will face a disciplinary hearing on Monday after his tackle on opposite second-rower Shaw was noted by citing commissioner Dennis Wheelahan. Chabal started the match on the substitutes' bench, but was brought on in the 26th minute to replace the injured Fabien Pelous during hosts France's 14-9 defeat. "We didn't say it last week but a non-match ball got onto the field in Marseille which Jonny kicked," director of rugby Rob Andrew said
France lock Sebastien Chabal cited for a dangerous tackle on Simon Shaw . Chabal faces disciplinary hearing on Monday after incident against England . Sale forward will miss the third and fourth-place play-off is he is suspended .
DENVER, Colorado -- A Colorado man terrorized by threats after testifying against his daughter's abusive boyfriend says he has spent $10,000 on a security system, hired a bodyguard for his son's wedding and never leaves home without a. The latest National Institute of Justice survey on record -- conducted more than a decade ago -- shows that more than half of big city prosecutors consider witness intimidation a major problem. Prosecutors filed an order for protection requesting Javad Fields' personal information be kept secret, but it wasn't signed by a judge until one year later, after defense lawyers had already given the suspects Fields' personal information, along with crucial trial documents
Some witnesses say Colorado does nothing to protect them . One witness spent over 10,000 dollars on security after being terrorized . Community activist says Colorado's witness protection program is "a joke"
Lord Justice Scott Baker told the jury at the inquest into the deaths of the princess and her lover Dodi Fayed that scientific evidence might be unable to demonstrate "one way or the other" whether she was in the early stages of pregnancy. On Tuesday the judge, who is acting as coroner in the case, told the jury that a famous image taken in summer 1997 showing Diana wearing a swimsuit could not be proof she was pregnant with Dodi's child as she had not started a relationship with him at that stage. " Diana, 36, and 42-year-old Dodi Fayed were killed on August 31, 1997 when the Mercedes-Benz they were traveling in hit a pillar in the Pont de l'Alma tunnel in Paris
NEW: Jury shown new footage of Diana taken hours before her death . Diana and Dodi Fayed inquest jury to hear "scene setting" evidence . On Tuesday coroner outlined controversial claims, published new images . Court will make final decision on what happened in car crash 10 years ago .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Republicans reacted with surprise and recrimination Sunday to blistering criticism of the Iraq war from former coalition commander retired Lt. Speaking with military reporters in Virginia, Sanchez also said such dereliction of duty by a military officer would mean immediate dismissal or court martial, but the politicians have not been held accountable. " Graham said he hopes the government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki will "step up to the plate and do something meaningful by the end of the year
Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham: "I am astounded" by comments . Sanchez, a retired former coalition commander in Iraq, called war "nightmare" Republican Sen. John McCain wishes Sanchez would have spoken up earlier . Republican Sen. Mitch McConnell said Sanchez is simply wrong .
With five weeks to go until the first contest of the 2008 nominating season, the Republican candidates engaged in a free-for-all, trying to differentiate their views on immigration, the Iraq war, abortion, gun control and even whether they believed every word in the Bible was true. Paul replied: "The real question you have to ask is why do I get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel?" A retired brigadier general, Keith Kerr, who is gay, asked candidates if they thought U. CNN later learned that a June media release from the campaign of Democratic front-runner Clinton listed Kerr as a member of its steering committee for gay and lesbian supporters
YouTube questions address taxes, the Bible, abortion, gun control . Giuliani, Romney, Huckabee spar over immigration . McCain challenges Paul over suggestion to bring troops home from Iraq . Nearly 5,000 videos for the GOP debate; 2,000 more than Democratic debate .
Stone said detainees get free medical care equal to what he gets as a general, food and water made to Islamic standards, educational opportunities, jobs skills and contact with families. detention centers -- at Camp Bucca near the southern port city of Basra and in Camp Cropper near Baghdad -- are political sore points for Sunnis, who make up 83 percent of the detainees held. -led coalition launched Operation Lion's Paw in which between 50 and 70 detainees would be released daily during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan after taking a pledge not to rejoin the insurgency against the Shiite-led government
More than 1,000 freed detainees reportedly keep pledge not to rejoin insurgency . U.S. general tries to reassure Sunnis that detainees face no abuse . More than 80 percent of detainees are Sunnis . U.S. airstrike kills 13 suspected terrorists west of Baghdad .
(CNN) -- The Tennessee Supreme Court on Wednesday refused to modify or overturn a lower court's ruling allowing Mary Winkler, convicted of killing her minister husband, visitation rights with the couple's three daughters. Winkler received a three-year sentence, but a judge required her to serve only 210 days, gave her credit for the five months she had already served and allowed her to serve the remaining 60 days in a mental health facility. At a September hearing, according to court documents, they said the children "exhibit fear and confusion" toward their mother "and her role in their father's death
Mary Winkler convicted earlier this year of shooting her husband to death . Winkler served time and was released; the couple had three children . The children live with their grandparents, who oppose visitation . Winkler has not seen her children in 15 months .
LAHORE, Pakistan (CNN) -- Two Pakistani television networks that transmit from Dubai in United Arab Emirates were ordered off the air Friday at the request of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf, officials from the networks said. " Journalists are also restricted from covering suicide bombings and militant activity and could face three-year jail terms if they "ridicule" members of the government or armed forces. Opposition leaders have accused Musharraf of declaring emergency rule to keep his hold on power and avoid an expected court ruling that would have nullified his election victory in October
NEW: GEO-TV president: "It seemed very obvious that they were going to do this" Order comes on the request of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf . GEO-TV and ARY Digital offer varied programming, including news . Both networks transmit from the United Arab Emirates .
Fourteen people were hospitalized after the blast at the T2 Lab on Faye Road, in an industrial area on the waterfront in north Jacksonville, Francis said. A woman who answered the T2 Lab's 24-hour facility emergency phone said the plant manufactures ecotane, a gasoline additive that reduces tailpipe emissions, according to the laboratory's Web site. Antonio Padrigan was trying to get in touch with his son, who works in a plant in the area, but was having no luck reaching him on his cell phone
NEW: Fire Department spokesman: 14 have been taken to area hospitals . Firefighters still fighting hot spots Wednesday afternoon, official says . "It's a hellish inferno," he tells reporters .
Famous for its purchase of London's Chelsea Barracks, Qatari Diar was established in 2004 by the Qatar Investment Authority, to support Qatar's growing economy and to co-ordinate the country's real estate development priorities. Al Ansari is a graduate from the University of Miami and was responsible for high profile projects such as New Doha International Airport and the promotion of private sector investment through public sector privatization. Is this to help the neighborhood develop alongside Qatar? NA: I think with the knowledge and know-how that we have gained in this area of expertise, we would like to export it to other countries to help their economical reformations; to try to create business opportunities for their local businessmen and to create job opportunities for the people in that particular country
Nasser al Ansari is CEO of Qatari Diar, Qatar's state-owned investment group . Its global projects are part of nation's attempt to diversify investment portfolio . Investment also aims to bring expertise and jobs to neighboring countries .
The justices placed a moratorium on executions in late September, when they decided to review a Kentucky case about whether the three-drug lethal "cocktail" of chemicals represents "cruel and unusual punishment," since it may cause excruciating pain to inmates unable to express discomfort. The Supreme Court on January 4 will decide whether to review an appeal from Louisiana inmate Patrick Kennedy, sentenced to death in 2003 for raping his 8-year-old stepdaughter. The justices in 1976 banned capital punishment for rape, but 19 years later, Louisiana passed a law allowing execution for the sexual violation of a child under 12
Death Penalty Information Center: 42 people have been put to death this year . That's down 57 percent from 1999 level, when 98 inmates were executed . Figure partly due to states questioning the constitutionality of lethal injection . Texas leads the nation in executions this year, according to DPIC .
MOSCOW, Russia -- Zenit Saint Petersburg have clinched their first Russian title in the post-Soviet Union era with a hard-fought 1-0 victory at Ramenskoye on Sunday. After the interval, the hosts poured forward seeking an equalizer and created several chances -- but Zenit held firm to secure their first championship since 1984 and make a hero out of Dutch coach Dick Advocaat. Russian international striker Roman Pavyuchenko netted the opening goal in the 24th minute with a powerful shot from the edge of the six-yard box after a mix- up in the Dynamo defence
Zenit Saint Petersburg clinch the Russian Premier League title on Sunday . They secure the title ahead of Spartak Moscow after a 1-0 win at Ramenskoye . The title success is Zenit's first since 1984 and the first in the post-Soviet era .
Visiting Hibernian, whose manager John Collins surprisingly resigned on Thursday citing a lack of financial backing from the Edinburgh side's board, took the lead in the 20th minute through left-back David Murphy. Kenny Deuchar put the visitors ahead in the 12th minute before striker Noel Hunt leveled on 29, and Nicky Deverdics scored the eventual winner for the Borders outfit three minutes before half-time. The visitors led through Russell Duncan after 22 minutes and John Rankin made it 2-0 with a 53rd-minute penalty before Christophe Berra pulled one back on 62 and Lithuanian striker Andrius Velicka leveled from the spot (90)
Scottish league leaders Celtic held 1-1 at home by managerless Hibernian . Celtic now lead by three points, having taken just six from last five games . Second-placed Rangers have three games in hand ahead of trip to Aberdeen .
It was with that interesting belief in mind that we decided to head to Texas, the southernmost state in the I-35 corridor, to do a story about a prayer campaign called "Light the Highway. She says she can't be sure Interstate 35 really is what is mentioned in the Bible but says she received a revelation to start this campaign after "once again reading Isaiah, Chapter 35. " Jacobs also points out that perhaps there is a link between the area near this highway and tragedies that have happened in history, such as the bridge collapse on I-35 in Minneapolis last August and the assassination of JFK 44 years ago near I-35 in Dallas
Some see connection between the Bible and Interstate 35 . Believers pray by the side of the highway, which runs through six states . I-35 runs from southern Texas to northern Minnesota .
" The Venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on alcohol and cigarettes in an effort to cut consumption and prevent what it views as the social, economic and moral consequences of drinking and smoking, said Jose Vielma Mora, superintendent of Seniat, the government body that oversees the collection of taxes. In April, Chavez told a graduating class of medical students in Caracas, Venezuela, that the level of consumption of alcohol in the country represents a threat to public health and ought to make residents feel ashamed, according to an ABN report. But Chavez, who was in Cuba on Monday visiting communist leader Fidel Castro, said he wants to focus less on material goals for Venezuela's 27 million people, 38 percent of whom live in poverty
Venezuelan government hikes taxes on alcohol and cigarettes Monday . Ten percent price increase on alcohol and 20 percent increase on cigarettes . Stores near schools, churches and cultural centers cannot sell alcohol . Chavez plans to increase taxes on luxury goods, including Hummers .
Gupta, Clinton and a panel of experts addressed such proposed solutions as healthy school lunches, elimination of trans fats, the need for healthier food in urban communities and the importance of supporting community-based efforts to fight obesity. Clinton, who's been tackling the obesity issue over the past few years with his Alliance for a Healthier Generation, stressed the need to help educate people about the importance of a healthy diet and exercising together. " Michael Jacobson, director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest and a strong advocate against trans fats in foods, stressed that the Food and Drug Administration should ban trans fats altogether and stop leaving it up to local and state governments
Experts gather at CNN's first Fit Nation Summit to propose obesity solutions . Former President Clinton: Without obesity solution, nation risks "collapse" Motivating youngsters, removing shame, embarrassment called key . Experts: Removing trans fats, finding healthy replacements also critical .
South Africa's Herschelle Gibbs performed the feat at the 50-over World Cup in the West Indies earlier this year, while Sir Garfield Sobers and Ravi Shastri achieved it in first-class matches. South Africa restricted the Black Caps to 153-8 from their 20 overs on Wednesday, then reached the target with five deliveries to spare as Justin Kemp made an unbeaten 89. The in-form Craig McMillan top-scored for the Kiwis, hitting an unbeaten 48 off only 25 balls to follow up his blistering 57 in Tuesday's five-run win against England
Yuvraj Singh becomes first player to hit six sixes in an over in Twenty20 game . Singh hits 58 in 16 deliveries as India beat England by 18 runs in Durban . England already eliminated from World Twenty20 after South Africa beat NZ .
Stiles was already being sought on an unrelated 2004 charge of felony lewdness with a child under 14, Sommermeyer said, adding that authorities amended that earlier filing on October 4 to include 20 counts related to the videotaped rape, including sexual assault and attempted sexual assault. Henderson Police Officer Mike Dye said he pulled over Stiles' car Monday night because it did not have a license plate and became suspicious when the driver gave him an expired California driver's license with a photo that did not look like him. Stiles, a resident of Pahrump, Nevada, was turned over to Las Vegas Metropolitan Police and booked into the jail in Clark County, where he had been sought in connection with the videotape, which shows a girl being sexually assaulted
NEW: Suspect's ex-girlfriend: "I've had my share of nightmares" Chester Arthur Stiles to make his initial court appearance Friday . Stiles, 37, arrested following a routine traffic stop . Suspect said "I'm Chester Stiles. ... I'm sick of running," according to officer .
" Gonzalez, who works on helicopters that bring cargo, supplies and military personnel in and out of Iraq, testified before a House Judiciary Committee panel last month, detailing his situation and urging officials to consider some sort of policy to deal with cases like his, where military members' families could be deported while they're defending their country overseas. Military Academy at West Point, New York, said she believes there should be an overall policy dealing with the potential deportation of family members of active duty military members. "What's happening right now is, because of the dysfunction and complexity of our immigration laws, we've got people fighting overseas who are facing the impossible situation of having family members facing deportation back home," she said
Sailor's wife could be deported while he's overseas . Sailor: "Defending the country that's trying to kick my family out" is tough . U.S. military doesn't have overall policy to handle such situations . Wife: "We just want to feel safe and have a home just like everybody else"
MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- Heavy rains and flooding have forced hundreds of thousands of people from homes in southern Mexico's state of Tabasco over the past four days, with nearly as many trapped by the rising waters, state officials said Thursday. The Grijalva River pushed over its banks through the state capital of Villahermosa on Thursday, forcing government workers to evacuate and leaving up to 80 percent of the city flooded, Gov. The Associated Press reported that thousands of people clung to rooftops, huddled inside waterlogged homes or hunkered down in shelters in an attempt to survive the worst flooding the region has seen in 50 years
One dead as hundreds of thousands flee rising floodwaters . About 80 percent of the city of Villahermosa is under water . Tabasco and Chiapas states hardest hit . Authorities say 700,000 affected and 300,000 still trapped by flooding .
com defines GDP as the total market value of all final goods and services produced within a country in a given period of time, usually a calendar year. Office on Drugs and Crime, urged NATO to take a more active role in countering the spread of the drug trade, which has increased dramatically since the American-led invasion to remove the hard-line Islamist government of the Taliban in October 2001. "Since drugs are funding the insurgency, NATO has a self-interest in supporting Afghan forces in destroying drug labs, markets and convoys," Costa said in a written statement to coincide with the release of the survey
Study finds opium makes up half of Afghanistan's gross domestic product . Agency pushes NATO forces to attack skyrocketing problem aggressively . Drugs funds insurgency; poppy trade unchecked in Taliban strongholds . U.N. drug chief advocates providing income alternative for poppy farmers .
The Argentine, ranked 25th in the world, repeated his 2005 upset win over the Swiss star in that year's season-ending Masters Cup -- also an indoor event. Nalbandian became only the third player -- and the second this year after Novak Djokovic in Montreal in August -- to beat the world's top-three players en route to winning a title. The 25-year-old, who lost in the Madrid final in 2004, claimed his first triumph on the ATP Tour since May, 2006, on clay in Portugal
David Nalbandian won Madrid Masters after beating top seed Roger Federer . The Argentine triumphed 1-6 6-3 6-3 against the Swiss defending champion . He became third man to beat world's three top players en route to a title .
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina -- Juan Roman Riquelme scored twice as Argentina beat Bolivia 3-0 to notch a third successive victory in the South American qualifiers for the 2010 World Cup on Saturday. The midfielder followed up his brace of spectacular free-kicks in the opening 2-0 victory against Chile to help put his country five points clear of second-placed Brazil, who play Peru in Lima on Sunday. Riquelme added the second 11 minutes after the break with a dipping free-kick which beat Carlos Arias from 25 yards, having been superbly denied by the keeper's one-handed effort shortly beforehand
Argentina beat Bolivia 3-0 in South American qualifier for 2010 World Cup . Juan Roman Riquelme nets twice as Argentina win third successive match . Ecuador coach Luis Fernando Suarez quits after 5-1 loss against Paraguay .
In an open letter to Bush, Clinton said the troop withdrawal "is simply too little, too late, and unacceptable to this Congress, and to the American people who have made clear their strong desire to bring our troops home, and end this war. " "I call on my colleagues to do what needs to be done to end our involvement in this civil war and help restore our national security by clearly and directly declaring that they will not support any Iraq measure without a firm, enforceable deadline tied to funding for the completion of redeployment of troops from Iraq," Dodd said. "You know, we are going to have to evaluate what's available, but it appears clear to me that the president is not willing to compromise, short of Congress forcing him to accept a shorter timetable, and, absent that, we are essentially engaging in a bunch of symbolic action there," Obama told CNN
NEW: John Edwards calls for immediate withdrawal of 40,000-50,000 troops . Sen. Hillary Clinton says withdrawal of 30,000 troops by July "too little, too late" Sen. Barack Obama calls for an immediate start to troop withdrawals .
One very distinctive connection from the Louvre Atlanta opener of last year is a section of this new show that looks at the tradition of modern-era artists learning by studying the work of masters at the Louvre, Bartolomé Esteban Murillo's "The Beggar Boy" of around 1650 being one of the most-copied canvases in Western art's modern history. So a surprise symmetry takes shape at the High this fall, as visitors contemplate dialogues between museums (the Louvre, the High, Denver, Seattle), the viewers of art in Europe and the United States, and the artists themselves in France, in the U. " His colleagues Timothy Standring of Denver and Ann Dumas of London, England, have held up their end of this conversational eyeful with timely contributions, glimpses of Old World craft from Titian and Velasquez to Fragonard and Rubens -- and the "moderns" who saw beyond them to a new age of aesthetic debate
"Inspiring Impressionism" looks at Old Masters, other influences on modern art . Featured are works of Monet, Renoir, Cézanne, Cassatt, Morisot . "Inspiring Impressionism" runs through January 31, 2008, at the High Museum . Denver Art Museum and Seattle Art Museum get the show next .
KIEV, Ukraine -- Serbian central defender Nemanja Vidic has convinced Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson that he should play in Tuesday's Champions League clash away to Dynamo Kiev. Injury-plagued French striker Louis Saha definitely misses the tie with a long-term knee problem and fellow casualties Gary Neville and Owen Hargreaves also stayed behind. England striker Wayne Rooney, who scored twice against Villa and was also on target in England's Euro 2008 defeat against Russia in Moscow last week, will partner Carlos Tevez in attack
Nemanja Vidic plays in Man United's Champions League tie at Dynamo Kiev . Serbian defender sat out 4-1 win at Aston Villa with after-effects of concussion . United started group campaign with wins against Sporting Lisbon and Roma .
ally and NATO partner, was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks genocide and threatened to block access to Incirlik Air Base after the resolution passed a House committee vote. Carter Ham, the director of operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Pentagon planners are looking at "a broad range of options" to keep food, fuel and ammunition flowing to U. Globalsecurity said Incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to Iraq, taking over for Rhein-Main Air Base in Germany because it is closer to Iraq, reducing the strain on troops and aircraft
NEW: Majority Leader says a number of Dems are "revisiting their own positions" Turkey is upset about World War I "genocide" resolution in Congress . House resolution calls killing of Armenians "genocide" Incirlik Air Base is key point for U.S. military supply of Iraq mission .
LONDON, England -- Milan goalkeeper Dida has been cleared to play in next month's Champions League match at Shakhtar Donetsk after partially winning his appeal to UEFA against a two-match ban. Brazilian Dida was also fined 60,000 Swiss francs by European football's ruling body following an incident involving a supporter during the Champions clash against Celtic in Scotland on October 3. Dida sits out the home tie against Shakhtar on Wednesday after an inquiry based on Article 5, paragraph 1 of the UEFA disciplinary regulations (Principles of conduct), under which "member associations, clubs, as well as their players, officials and members, shall conduct themselves according to the principles of loyalty, integrity and sportsmanship"
Milan goalkeeper Dida is partially successful against two-match UEFA ban . Dida misses Wednesday's home Champions League tie against Shakhtar . Second game of ban suspended for one year freeing him for return in Ukraine .
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (CNN) -- Reggae legend Lucky Dube, one of South Africa's most famous musicians, was killed in an attempted car-jacking as he dropped his children off at a relative's house, his record label said Friday. Dube was much loved by his fellow South Africans, and his death cast a shadow over festivities ahead of South Africa's highly-anticipated appearance in the rugby World Cup final with England this weekend. Figures from the South African Police Service show that from April 2006 to March 2007, more than 19,000 South Africans were murdered, more than 52,600 people were raped, and nearly 13,600 people were carjacked
South African reggae legend Lucky Dube killed in attempted hijacking . Dube, 43, killed Thursday in Johannesburg after hijacker tried to steal his car . Death casts shadow over South Africa's preparations for rugby World Cup final .
(CNN) -- Brendon Pelser said he saw pure terror in the faces of his fellow passengers after an engine fell from a wing as it took off from Cape Town, South Africa, Wednesday. " But the pilot of Nationwide Airlines' Boeing 737 Flight CE723 was able to fly long enough to dump fuel and make an emergency landing at Cape Town International Airport. " As the nose wheel lifted from the ground, "the captain heard a loud noise immediately followed by a yaw of the aircraft (sideways slippage) to the right," the airline said in a news release
Nationwide Airlines pilot dumped fuel until he landed plane Wednesday . An object was sucked into the engine as the nose wheel lifted from the ground . 100, including crew, were on the plane; no one was injured . Plane passenger: "Everyone started panicking"
According to a statement from the White House, the federal disaster declaration will allow for federal aid that "can include grants for temporary housing and home repairs, low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses, and other programs to help individuals and business owners recover from the effects of the disaster. Chertoff said federal officials began discussing over the weekend the need to have FEMA ready, "and as we saw the evacuation issue becoming more prominent, and the number of people seeking shelter becoming more prominent, we sprang into action yesterday. More than 17,000 National Guardsmen have been made available; 550 Marines were ready for deployment from Camp Pendleton, north of San Diego; and 12 Defense Department firefighting teams, were engaged
FEMA doesn't face utter devastation as in Gulf Coast in 2005 . Victims can escape in own vehicles on open roads . Communications infrastructure remains intact . Agencies learn from Hurricane Katrina mistakes .
(CNN) -- The late Chris Benoit idolized the Dynamite Kid, who was half of a professional wrestling team famous in the 1980s for spectacular high-flying, acrobatic moves. When asked about the high number of former wrestlers who had died before they turned 50 years old, Vince McMahon said each person in the WWE bore responsibility for their own lives -- especially outside the arena. David Black -- who helped the NFL develop its drug program and now runs tests for the WWE -- says twice that number have tested positive and been given a warning
Vince McMahon: WWE has one of best drug-testing programs . Wrestling boss tells CNN that individuals bear responsibility for actions . Critics say WWE penalties for drug use are not harsh enough . Wrestlers still can get drugs if they have prescriptions from doctors .
You could be responsible for the fall of Western Civilization, just like Justa Grata Honoria, the Roman princess whose wild ways and (literally) naked ambition set off a chain reaction that culminated in the destruction of the Roman Empire. As a young girl, she watched as her dimwitted six-year-old brother, Valentinian III, was crowned emperor of the Western Roman Empire, while she was set aside to await a suitable marriage. After years of struggle, Honoria finally suffered the fate she had been dreading all along: She was married off to an elderly Roman senator, and the rest of her life went unrecorded by history
Justa Grata Honoria plotted to kill her emperor of Roman Empire . When first plot failed, she offered to marry Attila the Hun . He failed to annihilate Rome, or marry her . She then suffered the fate she dreaded .
Guests of honor at a service at Sheffield Cathedral included Sepp Blatter, president of football world governing body FIFA, and Massimo Moratti, president of Italian giants Inter Milan who are scheduled to play a friendly against Sheffield FC next month. Blatter was unveiling a bust of the club's co-founder William Prest -- one of two cricket fans who founded Sheffield FC, then known simply as Sheffield Club, on October 24, 1857 after deciding they needed a new sport to keep them active during the winter. But 100 years later in 2004, Blatter presented Sheffield FC with FIFA's "Order of Merit" -- an honor previously awarded only to the nine-time European champions Real Madrid
FIFA President Sepp Blatter among guests marking Sheffield FC's 150 years . English side Sheffield FC recognized as the oldest football club in the world . Club is one of two to win FIFA's Order of Merit -- the other is Real Madrid .
So, how did the trend for pointed-toe shoes start? Manolo who? Long before they ever made an appearance on the TV show "Sex and the City," pointed shoes were favored by Polish nobles, who introduced the fashion to England on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s. Is there a real Mary Jane behind Mary Jane shoes? Not quite: The most widely held theory is that the single-strapped footwear was named for a character in "Buster Brown," a children's comic strip that was popular in the early 1900s. " Have women always carried purses? Once upon a time, ladies stored their essentials in a little waist sack tied under their clothing (sort of an early ancestor of the fanny pack) and accessible through slits in their skirts
Polish diplomats brought pointed shoes to Britain in 1300s . A female runner sewed two jock straps together for first sports bra . Men wore earrings in Egypt in 1500s .
The Brazilian was omitted from the squad that lost 3-1 to Villarreal on Saturday after returning late from international duty, but he has been named in an 18-man party for the trip to Scotland. Also missing are Samuel Eto'o, Yaya Toure, Gianluca Zambrotta, Edmilson and Rafael Marquez as the Catalans travel to Scotland in a battle between the two sides with 100 per cent records in Group E. Barcelona squad: Valdes, Jorquera; Puyol, Thuram, Sylvinho, Oleguer, Abidal, Milito; Iniesta, Ronaldinho, Messi, Xavi, Giovani, Crosas; Henry, Ezquerro, Gudjohnsen, Bojan
Ronaldinho is recalled to Barca squad to face Rangers in Champions League . The Brazilian was dropped from the squad that lost to Villarreal on Saturday . Midfielder Deco will be out of action for five weeks after suffering a thigh injury .
Although Hutchins said he enjoys a wide range of music -- from Pink Floyd and Arcade Fire to Christian bands such as Hillsong United -- he said he has to be careful of what music he listens to, for the same reason he temporarily turned off the Beatles. From 2006 to 2007, a total of 127,830 people attended the 34 Acquire the Fire rallies, and 71,414 people attended the three BattleCry events held in San Francisco, California; Detroit, Michigan; and Bristow, Virginia, according to Teen Mania. There, in arguably the most liberal city in the United States, protesters, armed with megaphones and poster board signs, rallied against BattleCry on the steps of City Hall as the Christian teenagers circled and prayed in a demonstration of their own
Thousands of teens attend Christian rallies each year . Many of the rallies attempt to offer an alternative to secular popular culture . Opponents say these impose conservative values on vulnerable teenagers .
Then, as now, a presidential election is the setting, and the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set Lebanon back 20 years. The various factions had fought each other to a standstill; Arab governments, supported by the West, helped negotiate a new constitutional framework overseen by Syrian influence. On March 14, Martyrs' Square became a human sea of demonstrators: Muslims, Druze and Christians alike, demanding the "truth
CNN's Octavia Nasr: Will Lebanon's brief renaissance be snuffed out? Nasr says Lebanon's key power players haven't changed since 1980s . Nasr: Current struggle threatens to set Lebanon back 20 years .
SAN DIEGO, California (CNN) -- Firefighters in Southern California are facing wind-whipped walls of flame from 15 wildfires that have scorched more than 400,000 acres and forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes. "My wife woke me up like 12 o'clock, screaming and yelling that the flames were coming down," said Johnny Villanueva of Spring Valley, who fled with his wife and daughter to San Diego's Qualcomm Stadium, which is serving as a shelter to more than 12,000 evacuees. Of San Diego County's 10 major fires, the Witch fire in the north, which has grown to 200,000 acres, is the priority because of its significant threat to structures, said Ron Lane, the county's director of emergency services
No end "until it reaches the ocean or the winds turn around," official says . Nearly 350,000 homes in San Diego County evacuated; 70 people injured . Flames have charred 700,000 acres, more than 1,000 homes . Not "enough fire engines in the state of California," Ventura County official says .
Dubbed the "Mrs Clean" of Wall Street, Ms Krawcheck was credited with restoring investors' faith in analyst reports while head of retail brokerage firm Smith Barney. And if you think about, oil doesn't even have to stay at the 90-plus dollar level it is; even at levels in the 70's, 60's, 50's, 40's, a tremendous amount of liquidity is being generated in these markets which is really being put back into the market. If you think about some years ago, if you think about the internet bubble for example, where it was New York and California wasn't it? And you look at a whole range of reasons for it, and the sub prime crisis perhaps, the decline of the dollar perhaps
MME speaks with Sallie Krawcheck, boss of Citi Global Wealth Management . Ranked by Fortune magazine as World's 12th Most Powerful Woman in 2007 . Manages client assets worth $1.8 trillion, formerly bank's CFO . Tells MME: "we're very bullish" on economic potential of the Middle East .
Witnesses told police they saw him lighting a fire on a hillside in the West Hills area of San Fernando -- northwest of Los Angeles -- then walking away, Lopez said. In San Bernardino County, John Alfred Rund, 48, was arrested Tuesday evening and charged with setting a small fire along a rural roadside near Victorville. Investigators have determined that the Grass Valley Fire in San Bernardino County was not caused by arson, and a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 10,152-acre Slide Fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor, sheriff's spokeswoman Cindy Beaver said
Santiago Fire deliberately started in two places, official says . Santiago Fire grows to 25,000 acres . L.A. authorities investigate man arrested for suspected arson . Blaze has destroyed 22 structures .
Meanwhile, the dry Santa Ana winds that have fanned the flames, changed direction and began blowing inland from the Pacific Ocean, increasing the humidity and easing the burden on almost 8,900 firefighters in the area. As the fire danger eased, residents were allowed to return to several neighborhoods surrounding San Diego: Del Mar Highlands, Encinitas, Solana Beach, Carmel Valley, Chula Vista and Otay Mesa. It'll speed federal dollars to people whose property losses aren't covered by insurance and will help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response
Local and federal officials probe suspected arson, offer $70,000 reward . Wind speeds drop, humidity increases after Santa Ana winds change direction . President Bush signs major disaster declaration for Southern California . Home losses will likely top $1 billion in San Diego County, official says .
KHARTOUM, Sudan (CNN) -- A Sudanese court found a British teacher guilty of insulting religion and sentenced her to 15 days in prison Thursday for allowing a teddy bear to be named "Mohammed," British authorities and her lawyer reported. Gibbons, 54, was arrested Sunday after she asked her class of 7-year-olds in Khartoum to name the stuffed animal as part of a school project, the British Foreign Office said. Gibbons has been working at the school -- popular with wealthy Sudanese and expatriates -- since August, after leaving her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in Liverpool, England, this summer, Boulos said
British teacher in Sudan found guilty of insulting religion . Gillian Gibbons, 54, arrested after her class named teddy bear "Mohammed" Gibbons was not convicted of two other charges brought against her . UK consular staff, Gibbons' defense team initially refused access to the court .
(CNN) -- The owner of a North Carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said Monday that his family's "lives were just changed forever" by the tragedy. "If any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this, it is South Carolina," Laura said at a Monday afternoon press conference. Fire survivor Tripp Wylie, a 20-year-old South Carolina sophomore, said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends
"Heartbroken" house owner's daughter among six survivors hospitalized . One survivor jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape . University of South Carolina mourns deaths of six students .
(CNN) -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Wednesday he is cutting all ties with Colombia as long as Alvaro Uribe remains its president. " Chavez noted that Uribe had asked him to help secure the release of hundreds of hostages being held by the leftist rebel group Armed Revolutionary Front of Colombia (FARC) and the National Liberation Army (ELN). "When we were at the point of succeeding, Uribe comes and, without telling me anything, he didn't even call me on the phone or send me an emissary, just sent me a letter saying he was ending my mission," Chavez said
Chavez says Uribe had asked him to help secure the release of hostages . Uribe cited Chavez's direct communication with Uribe's top general as breach . Chavez accuses Uribe of lying . Chavez says his arms are open to the Colombian people .
My family had just moved from the San Francisco Bay Area to Pasadena, California, and this visit to the doctor's office was my introduction to a man who would come to have a huge impact on my life. This is a small device inserted into the tissue -- usually the abdomen, hip or leg -- and it has a tiny sensor that reads the glucose level of the body's fluids. Forty years ago, before the advent of all of the cool diabetes technology such as insulin pumps, continuous glucose monitors and blood sugar testing, parents were given a fairly grim prediction for how their child would fare
CNN Medical Unit assignment manager Ann Curley is a type I diabetic . She learned she had diabetes when she was 7 years old . Testing progressed from fizzy tablets in urine to continuous glucose monitors . With changes in technology have come improvements in prognoses .
CARDIFF, Wales -- Former Wales and British Lions center Ray Gravell has died of a suspected heart attack aged 56, the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has announced. In all he made 23 appearances for what was then a dominant Wales side, winning Grand Slams in 1976 and 1978, and played all four Tests on the Lions' tour of South Africa in 1980. WRU chief executive Roger Lewis said: "We are all in total shock because Ray was so full of life even through the difficult health problems he suffered recently
Former Wales and British Lions center Ray Gravell has died aged 56 . He was on holiday with his family in Mallorca . After retiring he worked as an actor and broadcaster .
Earlier this month, Obama spoke at an evangelical church in the traditionally conservative city of Greenville, where he demonstrated a casual familiarity with Christian vocabulary, telling the crowd, to much applause, that "I am confident that we can create a kingdom right here on Earth. "I spoke with Senator Barack Obama today and expressed to him our community's disappointment for his decision to continue to remain associated with Reverend McClurkin, an anti-gay preacher who states the need to 'break the curse of homosexuality,'" he said in a statement. Will Obama's refusal to kick McClurkin off the concert bill hurt him? Like many political squabbles, despite the national story, it depends how much the controversy resonates with voters in those crucial early states: Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina
Obama holding concerts to win over African-American Christians in S. Carolina . But lineup offends homosexuals, angered by appearance of anti-gay singer . Obama disavows preacher-singer's views, asks gay pastor to appear too .
MADRID, Spain -- Atletico Madrid recovered from their painful recent defeat by Barcelona to crush European rivals Real Zaragoza 4-0 in the Primera Liga on Sunday. Luis Garcia's first goal for the club, a double from Argentine Maxi Rodriguez and a Diego Forlan strike clinched a comfortable win as Atletico moved up to sixth in the table. It was also sweet revenge for Atletico as Zaragoza beat them home and away last season to beat them to sixth place and the final UEFA Cup spot
Atletico Madrid bounce back to form with a superb 4-0 victory over Zaragoza . Maxi Rodriguez scores twice with Luis Garcia and Diego Forlan also on target . Getafe registered their first win of the season with a 2-0 victory over Murcia .
(CNN) -- The company owns The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino and the Sands Expo and Convention Center in Las Vegas, Nevada and the Sands Macau in The People's Republic of China's Special Administrative Region of Macau, as well as Venetian Macau Limited, a developer of additional multiple casino hotel resort properties in Macau. Since it's opening, the property has received recognition as revolutionizing the Las Vegas hotel industry, and has been honored with architectural and other awards naming it as one the finest hotels in the world. The Sands Macau includes approximately 163,000 square feet of gaming facilities, luxury suites, specialty restaurants and an International VIP club
The company owns three major casino complexes, in Las Vegas and Macau . Venetian Casino Resort opened in 1999, originally consisted of 3,036 suites . In May 2004, Las Vegas Sands opened the Sands Macau .
" Speaking to reporters en route to Turkey and the Mideast, she said, "I don't know if we will have direct assignments or not, but we are one foreign service, and people need to serve where they are needed. Rice earlier said reports that the State Department was finding it hard to coax foreign service employees into Iraq "couldn't be further from the truth. Fifteen people have stepped forward to volunteer for Iraq service since the new policy was announced October 26, department spokesman Sean McCormack said
Condoleezza Rice responds to foreign service officers' objections on Iraq duty . "Directed assignments" will be enforced if enough officers don't volunteer in Iraq . Rice: Department doing "everything that we can to try and protect our diplomats" One official calls order to serve in Iraq "a potential death sentence"
Bush signed a federal disaster declaration Wednesday, freeing money to help residents rent temporary homes and repair damaged homes and businesses and to help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response. While the fires still threatened some 25,000 homes, the burn rate in the region -- a measure made up of factors like wind speed, humidity and available fuel -- was significantly lower Thursday, a spokeswoman at the California Department of Forestry and Protection said. "For someone to even think about doing something as reprehensible as starting a fire, where they knew that the fire would grow as rapidly as it would, traveling about three, 3½ miles in about an hour, is just, is really absolutely unconscionable," Orange County Battalion Chief Kris Concepcion said on CNN's "American Morning
NEW: Qualcomm Stadium to close as an emergency shelter at noon Friday . Charred bodies of three men and a woman found near San Diego . More than half of Southern California fires are fully contained . Bush to fire victims: We're not going to forget you in Washington .
(CNN) -- The commander of the nuclear-powered submarine USS Hampton has been relieved of his command amid an inquiry into misconduct by crew members, the U. The crew neither maintained inspection records nor conducted the required inspection of chemical levels associated with the cooling system of the ship's nuclear reactor, Navy officials said. Portland's demotion brings to 10 the number of people relieved of duty on the submarine in the wake of the misconduct probe
Navy says it has lost confidence in officer's ability to command . Crew members on sub disciplined for faking inspection records, Navy says . Ten people have been relieved of duty; six received "nonjudicial punishment"
(CNN) -- A bus hopped a highway median and crashed into a pickup truck before being broadsided by an 18-wheeler, Arkansas police said, killing the pickup driver and two bus riders. Forty people were hurt in Sunday night's crash, which shut down a 13-mile stretch of Interstate-40 east of Forrest City, Arkansas, said state police spokesman Bill Sadler. Bus driver Felix Tapia, 28, of Brownsville, Texas, and tractor-trailer driver David Rice, 45, of Mars Hill, North Carolina, suffered minor injuries, according to The Associated Press
Bus driver, tractor-trailer trucker injured in 3-vehicle crash, AP reports . Bus crossed median, hit pickup truck, then 18-wheeler, killing 3 . All lanes of I-40 closed for 13 miles east of Forrest City, Arkansas . Driver of the pickup truck and two bus passengers killed, police say .
For most of her adult life, the 31-year-old graduate student from Sunny Isles Beach, Florida, has struggled with her weight. " Instead of giving in to the temptation or convenience of calorie-laden or fatty foods such as cheeseburgers from the drive-through, Pless asks herself, "What do I really want to eat? Or, what does my body really want right now?" All of the hard work and determination paid off. She's also set a new professional goal -- to pursue a doctorate in food and exercise psychology -- so she can help others who are battling obesity and eating disorders
Kelly Pless started gaining as a teen and weighed 220 pounds at her heaviest . Exercise and an "eat to live" eating philosophy helped her shed 95 pounds . Pless started out walking but now runs 40 miles a week . She is training to run two marathons this winter .
Laptops can be plugged into an in-seat power supply and business travelers with just a thumb drive can plug this into a USB ports and access a suite of office tools on Singapore Airlines' in-flight entertainment system. As CNN's Richard Quest points out, while these giant airplanes may be suitable for getting large numbers of people between key destinations quickly, demand could be even higher for the medium-size jets such as Boeing's up-coming 787 Dreamliner. Emirates: 47 Qantas: 20 Singapore Airlines: 19 Lufthansa: 15 Air France: 12 British Airways: 12 ILFC: 10 Emirates: 8 Virgin Atlantic: 6 Thai Airways: 6 Malaysia Airlines: 6 Qatar: 5 Kingfisher: 5 Korean Air: 5 China Southern: 5 Etihad: 4
Singapore Airlines A380 superjumbo completes historic maiden flight . Luxury first class cabins have separate leather seats and double beds . One passenger paid $100,000 for the first Singapore to Sydney trip .
military technology to Iran and China poses a growing threat, the Justice Department said Thursday as it announced plans to combat the practice. The department said the United States will tighten monitoring of export licenses and increase export restrictions on technologies that could have both civilian and military applications and could pose a danger to U. "Recent prosecutions have highlighted illegal exports of stealth missile technology, military aircraft components, naval warship data, night vision equipment, and other restricted technology destined for China or Iran
Illegal exports to Iran, China an increasing problem, Justice Department says . Pittsburgh company cited for export of products with nuclear applications . Utah men charged with attempting to illegally export jet fighter parts .
(CNN) -- Behind the state banquet and smiles from Queen Elizabeth and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia's visit to London this week caused a wave of dissent. And just days before he arrived, the Saudi King accused British officials of ignoring information that could have averted the terror attacks in London on July 2005. The aim, says the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority, is to boost the economy by creating a pro-business environment, and attracting investors and fostering investment opportunities
Saudi Arabia is the UK's largest trading partner in the Middle East . Britain is also the second largest foreign investor in the Kingdom . The UK has been one of the top five exporters to Saudi Arabia since the 1990s . Exports to Britain are expected to reach a record high in the non-oil sector .
(CNN) -- Tens of thousands of Congolese refugees fled camps Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of Congo as rebel troops attacked government forces in the area, the U. High Commissioner for Refugees said it didn't appear rebels had targeted the camps, but it reported some were looted after camp residents, classified as internally displaced persons, fled. Congolese President Joseph Kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under Nkunda, but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts, according to the International Crisis Group, an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts
NEW: Congo rebels blame Rwandan Hutus for attack, report says . Internally displaced Congolese flee as rebels attack government troops . Torrential rain makes refugee movement difficult . U.N. refugee agency: Some 375,000 have been forced from homes in past year .
The 21-year-old, who served two years of a 10-year sentence for aggravated child molestation, said the prospect of being labeled a sex offender drove him to turn down the deal. In 2005, a jury found Wilson guilty of aggravated child molestation for having oral sex with a 15-year-old girl at a 2003 New Year's Eve party. According to Georgia Attorney General Thurbert Baker, prosecutors in Douglas County, Georgia, offered Wilson a plea deal that would have reduced his sentence, possibly to time served, and would have eventually removed the conviction and sex offender status from his record
Genarlow Wilson: Accepting plea deal would have left him without a home . Wilson, 21, promises to be more conservative, alert and thankful in future . He plans to study sociology in college -- "I feel like I've been living my major" Wilson served two years in prison after consensual oral sex with teen girl .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The confirmation of Michael Mukasey as attorney general was all but assured Friday when two key Democratic senators said they will vote in favor of the nominee despite questions about his views on "waterboarding" and the president's power to order electronic surveillance. "I believe that Judge Mukasey is the best we will get and voting him down would only perpetuate acting and recess appointments, allowing the administration to avoid the transparency that confirmation hearings provide and diminish effective oversight by Congress. But those sources have said waterboarding was used in the interrogation of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, now facing trial before a military tribunal for planning al Qaeda's 2001 attacks on New York and Washington
NEW: Feinstein, Schumer say they'll vote for attorney general nominee . Michael Mukasey's nomination now expected to pass Judiciary Committee . Sen. Patrick Leahy says he will not vote to confirm Michael Mukasey . Committee scheduled to vote on nomination on Tuesday .
(CNN) -- Nine people were killed and 19 injured after a tour bus carrying people on a ski trip left a highway and rolled over Sunday night in southeastern Utah, a highway patrol spokesman said. Police said the bus lost control on a curve, ran off the road and rolled over several times, tumbling 41 feet down an embankment, according to The Associated Press. The Salt Lake Tribune reported that ambulances from Utah, Colorado, Arizona and New Mexico responded to the accident, and a helicopter from Colorado could not fly to the crash site because of winter storms
Death toll rises to nine as tour bus runs off highway, rolls over . Bus was carrying at least 50 people when it crashed in southeastern Utah . Bus was en route from Telluride, Colorado, to Phoenix, Arizona, after weekend ski trip .
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Banksy is Britain's most wanted artist -- his art sells for hundreds of thousands of dollars, but he continues to use public spaces as his main canvas, while all the time keeping his identity a secret. He is feted by art dealers and artists, including Damien Hirst, but he regularly mocks the art world that is so enthralled by him with ingenious stunts such as hanging his own work in the Tate gallery in London and the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. His latest work painted on a wall in East London -- a man in overalls resting next to a giant flower drawn as a continuation from the double yellow lines on the road -- is thought to be the artist's response
British graphic artist's identity remains a mystery despite huge popularity . Feted by the art world and Hollywood celebrities count among his collectors . Despite popularity local authorities have removed his public works .
ROME, Italy (CNN) -- The garbage crisis in Naples encompasses the worst Italian clichés, and in particular those of the southern part of this lovely peninsula: mismanagement, political interference, mafia profiteering and the ability of those responsible to deflect the attention and the blame elsewhere. Incinerators that were supposed to be built were never finished, either because the companies in charge of constructing them could not finish the job, or else because magistrates stopped the work, pending ongoing criminal investigations into alleged mafia involvement. How does the local mafia make money? The Naples prosecutor in charge of environmental crimes says city government officials use the state of emergency to quickly award contracts which otherwise would have to be checked by complicated anti-racketeering legislation
Rubbish is piling up on the streets of Naples, with municipal dumps full . Many commentators question the role of the local mafia in the award of contracts . More than $2.5B in emergency funds has been spent on the problem over the years . One dump was going to be a golf course -- residents furious it is being re-opened .
CHEBARKUL, Russia (Reuters) -- President Vladimir Putin said on Friday security threats had forced Russia to revive the Soviet-era practice of sending bomber aircraft on regular patrols beyond its borders. "We have decided to restore flights by Russian strategic aviation on a permanent basis," Putin told reporters after inspecting joint military exercises with China and four Central Asian states in Russia's Ural mountains. During the Cold War, Russian long-range bombers, which can carry strategic nuclear weapons, played elaborate games of cat-and-mouse with Western air forces
Russia to send bomber aircraft on long-range flights on a permanent basis . President Vladimir Putin said the move was in response to security threats . The White House says the flights do not pose a threat to the United States .
A cab driver who ate at Pat's daily insisted on trying the new sandwich, and with the first bite declared, "Hey, forget 'bout those hot dogs, you should sell these!" Cab drivers know fast food about as well as anyone, so the brothers did just what the cabbie suggested. According to most sources, the onion ring was invented when a careless cook at a Pig Stand location in Dallas accidentally dropped an onion slice in some batter, then pulled it out and tossed it in the fryer for lack of a better destination. Melrose Inn manager George Kern created derby pie in the mid-1950s with help from his parents, Walter and Leaudra, and the dessert was such a hit that the family was soon baking the treat full-time
Famous American foods created across United States . Connecticut diner claims creation of the hamburger . Onion rings were courtesy of cook at Pig Stand in Texas . Fat Darrell came from "Grease Trucks" at Rutgers University .
Several days ago, an Azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical Islamic group seized four assault rifles, a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of Baku, the ministry spokesman and U. Government security forces tracked down the group and arrested several members during a sweep on Saturday in the village of Mastaga, about 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Baku, the spokesman said. Embassy encourages Americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security," it said
Authorities uncover a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. embassy in Baku . The United States has reduced its embassy's operations . Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday .
Over the weekend, gunmen aboard two skiffs hijacked the Panamanian-flagged Golden Nori off the Socotra archipelago near the Horn of Africa, said Andrew Mwangura, a spokesman for the Kenyan-based Seafarers' Assistance Program. In June, the ship USS Carter Hall fired warning shots in an attempt to stop a hijacked Danish cargo ship off Somalia, but the American vessel turned away when the pirated ship entered Somali waters. "To date, vessels that increase speed and take evasive maneuvers avoid boarding, while those that slow down are boarded, taken to the Somali coastline and released after successful ransom payment, often after protracted negotiations of as much as 11 weeks," the warning advised
North Korean crew recaptures hijacked vessel . Navy says two pirates killed, five captured; three from crew injured . USS Arleigh Burke enters Somali territorial waters to pursue other pirates . Pirates aboard hijacked Golden Nori carrying highly flammable benzene .
(CNN) -- Debra Lafave, the former Florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student, violated her probation by hugging a young co-worker, a Florida judge found Thursday. Lafave, 27, pleaded guilty in November 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation. " The contacts that led to Thursday's probation violation hearing first surfaced during two polygraph tests administered as part of Lafave's court-ordered supervision
NEW: Judge finds former teacher in violation of probation in student sex case . But judge spares Debra Lafave from jail, warns her "don't come back" Lafave's probation forbids her to have contact with anyone under 18 .
For four decades no other designer has had a greater impact, not only on the way American men and women dress but also on the way they imagine, seek and indulge in the Good Life, than the former tie salesman from the Bronx. Because while no other designer logo exemplifies aspiration in the home of the free and the brave like the mallet-wielding guy on the pony, Lauren originally named his company Polo because "it was the sport of kings. "When I look at the people I've admired over the years, the ultimate stars, like Frank Sinatra, Cary Grant and Astaire, the ones who last the longest are the ones whose style has a consistency, whose naturalness is part of their excitement
Ralph Lauren began as tie salesman from the Bronx . First design: Wide ties when others were narrow . Has designed high fashion for four decades . Goal: Glamorous clothing that is "consistent and accessible"
(CNN) -- A man named as a suspect in the fatal shooting of a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, police officer last week was captured at a shelter in Miami, Florida, on Tuesday, Philadelphia Police Commissioner Sylvester Johnson said at a news conference. Acting on information from Miami Rescue Mission, officers went to a homeless shelter where they found Lewis, "who was pretty easy to spot as he's 6 feet, 270 pounds," Timoney said. " The Associated Press reported that Lewis had been arrested in 2005 on drug charges, which were withdrawn after he completed a treatment program
Tip leads police to John Lewis at homeless shelter in Miami . Lewis is suspected in fatal shooting of Philadelphia Ofc. Charles Cassidy . Cassidy walked in on doughnut shop robbery last week and was shot, police say . Philadelphia police alerted Miami counterparts that Lewis was headed that way .
Like an instantly recognizable dorsal fin, the Tiburon in its third incarnation is perhaps the purest low-slung sportster that won't bust a first-time buyer's wallet, though it may chew a hole in the seat of their pants as they're pushed back into those tight-hugging bucket seats. A bona-fide pocket rocket, any first-time buyer can put a fair distance between themselves and the pack in the MazdaSpeed3, part of the Asian carmaker's strategy to wrestle performance compact coupe sales from European carmakers. Standard features include a 350-watt premium sound system, a touch-screen satellite-navigation system whose screen flips to reveal the CD player, and a slot for a computer memory card
Tiburon is low-slung sportster that won't bust first-time buyer's wallet . Pontiac G5 GT boasts highly sprung motoring . Toyota's hipster Scion comes dripping with gadgetry inside .
Jim Manley, senior aide to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, said, "Taking advice from President Bush about fiscal responsibility and getting things done for the American people is like taking hunting lessons from Dick Cheney. Rahm Emanuel, D-Illinois, issued a statement saying, "President Bush's rally this morning reminds us that congressional Republicans remain ready and willing to rubber-stamp the Bush agenda: No to children's health care; no to a new direction in Iraq; and no to investing in America's future. House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer, D-Maryland, issued a statement calling Bush "the biggest obstacle" to extending health coverage to "10 million low-income, working-class American children
Bush: Senate "wasting valuable time" with children's health insurance bill . Congress "holding hostage" funds for troops, Bush says . Bush accuses Congress of gridlock, failing to promote anyone's agenda . Democrats fire back, saying Bush's words "ring hollow"
Malvo, 22, spends 23 hours a day inside his cell at Virginia's toughest prison, a maximum-security compound called Red Onion, not far from the Kentucky border. According to social worker Carmeta Albarus-Lindo, Malvo is a changed person since he and John Allen Muhammad terrorized the Washington area five years ago this month in attacks that left 10 dead over a 23-day period. Vicki Buchanan Snyder, whose brother James "Sonny" Buchanan was shot in the back while mowing a patch of lawn at a Maryland auto dealership, said she was "satisfied" with the jury's verdict
Social worker says sniper Lee Boyd Malvo is a changed person. Ten people were killed in Washington-area sniper attacks in 2002 . In a letter to CNN, Malvo writes he's still "grappling with shame, guilt, remorse"
The Shakhtar Donetsk striker is in fine form and has been rewarded for his inspiring performance in last month's friendly against South Africa, when he scored twice in the world champions' victory. While Donadoni has again left out veteran forwards Filippo Inzaghi and Alessandro Del Piero, he has handed Juventus striker and Italy under-21 international Raffaele Palladino his first call-up to the senior squad. Goalkeepers: Marco Amelia (Livorno), Gianluigi Buffon (Juventus), Gianluca Curci (Roma) Defenders: Andrea Barzagli (Palermo), Daniele Bonera (AC Milan), Fabio Cannavaro (Real Madrid), Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus), Fabio Grosso (Lyon), Massimo Oddo (AC Milan), Christian Panucci (Roma), Gianluca Zambrotta (Barcelona) Midfielders: Massimo Ambrosini (AC Milan), Mauro Camoranesi (Juventus), Daniele De Rossi (Roma), Gennaro Gattuso (AC Milan), Simone Perrotta (Roma), Andrea Pirlo (AC Milan) Strikers: Antonio Di Natale (Udinese), Alberto Gilardino (AC Milan), Vincenzo Iaquinta (Juventus), Cristiano Lucarelli (Shakhtar Donetsk), Raffaele Palladino (Juventus), Fabio Quagliarella (Udinese), Luca Toni (Bayern Munich) E-mail to a friend
Striker Cristiano Lucarelli keeps his place in Italy's squad to face Scotland . Lucarelli impressed by scoring twice in the recent victory over South Africa . Juventus striker Raffaele Palladino earns his first call-up to the senior squad .
Blackwater's a team of dedicated professionals who provide training to America's military and law enforcement communities and risk their lives to protect Americans in harm's way overseas. The worldwide personnel protection services contract, which has been provided to this committee, was competitively awarded and details almost every aspect of operation and contract performance, including the hiring, vetting guidelines, background checks, screening, training standards, rules of force and conduct standards. A recent report from the Department of State stated that in 2007 Blackwater conducted 1,873 security details for diplomatic visits to the red zone, areas outside the Green Zone in Iraq, and there have been only 56 incidences in which weapons were discharged, or less than 3 percent of all movements
Erik Prince, CEO of Blackwater USA, testifies before House panel . Hearings held amid an FBI probe into a shootout involving Blackwater personnel . Prince: "I believe we acted appropriately at all times"
LONDON, England -- UEFA has punished Benfica midfielder Augustin Binya with a six-match European ban following his horror tackle on Celtic's Scott Brown last week. Scotland international Brown avoided injury, but claimed Binya had tried to break his leg with the tackle in the 85th minute -- and demanded that Europe's governing body take further action. AC Milan keeper Dida was handed a two-match ban, subsequently reduced to one on appeal, after collapsing theatrically when a fan of the Scottish club invaded the pitch and lightly slapped the Brazilian in the face
UEFA has punished Benfica midfielder Augustin Binya with a six-match ban . The Cameroon international was sent off for bad tackle on Celtic's Scott Brown . Brown was lucky to escape injury in incident during Champions League match .
As the countdown begins to November 4, 2008, the New York Democrat continues to dominate the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, and comes out ahead when voters are asked whether they prefer her or the GOP front-runner, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani. During last week's Democratic debate, Clinton received heavy criticism from her fellow Democratic presidential rivals, who are desperate to shake up the presidential race just months before the first voting occurs in the Iowa Caucus in early January. "The overall political environment seems to favor the Democrats, partly because Democratic voters are more enthusiastic about the coming election and partly because the public is in a sour mood, which is usually not a good sign for the incumbent party," Holland said
Sen. Clinton supported by 44 percent of Democrats polled, down from October . Rudy Giuliani continues to lead Republican presidential field with 28 percent . Clinton beats Giuliani 51 percent to 45 percent, the poll found . Only 42 percent think things are going well in the U.S., according to the poll .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates reiterated the Bush administration's stance that "all options" must be kept "on the table" in confronting the threats posed by Iran -- a reference to the option of using military action against the long-time U. "We should have no illusions about the nature of this regime or its leaders -- about their designs for their nuclear program, their willingness to live up to their rhetoric, their intentions for Iraq, or their ambitions in the Gulf region," Gates said in a speech to the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs. The leaders of Iran, Russia, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan and Azerbaijan also met Tuesday to reach agreement on issues relating to the sharing and regulating of the Caspian Sea -- the world's largest inland body of water
Russian President Putin backs Iran's "peaceful" nuclear program during visit . Putin in Tehran to attend summit of Caspian Sea nations to discuss oil rights . Iran, Russia set to discuss Iranian nuclear program, U.S. push for sanctions . Putin downplay rumors of assassination plot; Iran says claims are "baseless"
PARIS, France (CNN) -- Three French journalists charged in an alleged plot to kidnap African children for adoption in Europe arrived in Paris on Sunday, hours after French President Nicolas Sarkozy held emergency talks in Chad. In a joint news conference with Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero on Sunday at Madrid's Torrejon Air Force Base, Sarkozy expressed satisfaction that some of those detained had been released. After his emergency talks in Chad, Sarkozy stressed the scandal would not affect the strong relations between the two countries or affect the planned deployment of a European force to protect refugees from Sudan's Darfur region who have fled to Chad and the neighboring Central African Republic
NEW: French president returns to France with three released journalists . Journalists are among seven Europeans freed Sunday in child "kidnap" row . There are still 14 other people in custody in Chad . Father: "They never said they would take away our children"
service member died Friday from injuries sustained when a Black Hawk helicopter crashed in northeastern Italy on Thursday, the U. Police and fire officials said the craft crashed in an open area near the Piave River north of Treviso, between the towns of Maserata Sul Piave and Santa Lucia Di Piave. Italy's ANSA news agency said the helicopter crashed near the bridge of a major highway and the road was closed as a precaution
Four killed in crash; two people die later of injuries . Copter took off from Aviano Air Base, news agency reports . Black Hawk helicopter had 11 people aboard .
Police investigating a car crash on September 30 found Taylor Bradford, 21, fatally wounded near the campus residence hall area. Bradford -- a 5-foot-11, 300-pound defensive lineman from Nashville -- was pronounced dead at Regional Medical Center. Memphis Police Department Director Larry Godwin said DeeShawn Tate, 21, Victor Trezevant, 21, and Courtney Washington, 22, had been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery
University of Memphis athlete Taylor Bradford, 21, was shot September 30 . Three charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery . After player was shot, he got in his car, drove off and then crashed into a tree . The killing spurred school officials to temporarily lock down the campus .
Last month, a judge ordered Spears, 25, to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in "habitual, frequent, and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol. In addition to ordering the twice-weekly drug tests, Gordon ordered Spears to spend eight hours per week working with a "parenting coach," who was to observe her interactions with her children. After her September 9 "comeback" performance on the MTV Video Music Awards, critics derided her singing and dancing as lackluster and said she appeared overweight in her sequined two-piece costume
Kevin Federline to take custody of children effective Wednesday noon . Federline and Britney Spears have two children, ages 2 and 1 . Pair were divorced in July .
Simpson returned to jail in Nevada from his home in Florida January 11 for Wednesday's hearing, after prosecutors alleged he violated the terms of his bail by attempting to contact a co-defendant. The charges stem from a September 13 incident at a Las Vegas hotel in which he allegedly stole sports memorabilia he said belonged to him from dealers Alfred Beardsley and Bruce Fromong. According to earlier testimony, Beardsley and Fromong were offering more than 600 Simpson-related items for sale, including ties Simpson wore during his criminal trial for the 1994 murders of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ron Goldman
Judge doubles bail to $250,000, accuses of "arrogance" or "ignorance" Jailed since Friday, Simpson was required to put down $37,500 in cash to get out . Bail bondsman tells judge O.J. Simpson never paid him . DA says Simpson violated bail terms by leaving message for co-defendant .
The investigation into why that plane fell apart in flight is still ongoing and Air Force officials will not say what happened until the investigation is complete, an Air Force spokesperson said. The grounding forced Central Command to use other Air Force, Navy and French fighters to fill the gaps, though Strike Eagles did fly to support troops in battle in Afghanistan as an emergency measure while they were still under grounding orders, according to Central Command reports. The Strike Eagle is used in Afghanistan and Iraq in its air-to-ground role, using its advanced sensors to drop bombs on targets
F-15s grounded after a November 1 crash in Missouri . F-15 is used for ground support in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . All U.S. Air Force 224 E-model aircraft will undergo a one-time inspection .
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Former detainees of Immigration and Customs Enforcement accuse the agency in a lawsuit of forcibly injecting them with psychotropic drugs while trying to shuttle them out of the country during their deportation. "The information the committee has received from ICE regarding the forced drugging of immigration detainees is extremely troubling, particularly since it appears ICE may have violated its own detention standards," Lieberman spokeswoman Leslie Phillips told CNN in an e-mail. He says he was taken to Los Angeles International Airport while in this drug-induced stupor, but two hours before takeoff, airline security refused to transport him, so ICE agents returned him to his cell at Terminal Island near Los Angeles
Detainees file suit against ICE, allege they were injected with drugs . One detainee tells CNN: "What they did to me was very, very bad" ICE says 1,073 detainees have had "medical escorts" since 2003 . Sen. Lieberman vows to investigate further; spokesman calls charges "troubling"
LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- A young girl shown on video being sexually assaulted was raped while in the care of a baby sitter her mother hired, the mother's attorney said Tuesday. "Speaking as a father myself, I wish the guy would dig a hole in the desert and put a gun in his mouth," he said, referring to such an outcome as "Wild-West justice. " The FBI is also seeking Stiles, a resident of Pahrump, Nevada, in a separate matter involving state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of 14
Mom thinks girl was abused while in the care of a baby sitter, attorney says . Mother had no idea daughter had been abused, attorney says . Girl, now 7, shown being raped on videotape made years ago . Manhunt underway for suspect, Chester Arthur Stiles, 37 .
Last month, Clinton voted to support a resolution declaring Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, an elite part of the Iranian military, a foreign terrorist group. " While Clinton was campaigning Sunday in New Hampton, Iowa, an audience member at a town hall-style meeting pressed her on why she voted for the Iran measure and asked why she hadn't learned from past "mistakes. In a veiled swipe at Clinton, Obama also suggested he could better unite the country and offer "something new, as opposed to looking backward and simply duplicating some of the politics that we've become so accustomed to, that frankly the American people are sick of
NEW: Sen. Hillary Clinton defends vote on resolution, saying "it's not a law" Sen. Barack Obama: President could use Iran measure to justify military action . Obama says Clinton's vote for resolution shows "flawed" judgment . Differences with Clinton will be clear in "next phase" of campaign, Obama says .
JENA, Louisiana (CNN) -- Charges against Bryant Purvis, one of the six black students accused of being involved in beating a white student, were reduced to second degree aggravated battery during his arraignment Wednesday morning. Civil rights leaders Martin Luther King III and Al Sharpton led more than 15,000 marchers to Jena -- a town of about 3,000 -- in September to protest how authorities handled the cases against Purvis and five other teens accused of the December 2006 beating of fellow student Justin Barker. Although he was released in September after his adult criminal conviction for the beating was overturned, he was ordered two weeks later to spend 18 months in a juvenile facility for a probation violation relating to an earlier juvenile conviction
Charges against Bryant Purvis reduced to second degree aggravated battery . Purvis had faced attempted murder, conspiracy charges . Charges reduced against at least five of six blacks charged in beating . Case of "Jena 6" drew national spotlight during September protest .
10 Downing Street, the official residence of British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, calling on the British government to demand that full democracy be restored in Pakistan. His ex-wife delivered a petition to a doorman at Downing Street, calling on Britain to use its influence to ensure that all institutions are in place well in advance of Pakistani elections originally scheduled for early next year. The petition also demands that Pakistan restore democracy and the judiciary and calls on Musharraf to release all political prisoners, including lawyers, journalists and opposition politicians
Human rights campaigners demonstrate in front of No. 10 Downing Street . Protests urged UK government to demand full democracy restored in Pakistan . Cricketer turned politician Imran Khan's ex wife Jemima among protesters .
Harris, 27, was arrested in a federal sting after his bodyguard-turned-informant delivered three machine guns and two silencers to the hip-hop star, according to a Justice Department statement. Authorities said they found three more firearms in the car in which Harris drove to pick up the machine guns and silencers, "including one loaded gun tucked between the driver's seat where Harris had been sitting and the center console. " The sting came after Harris' bodyguard was arrested purchasing the machine guns and silencers from an undercover Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives agent Wednesday, according to the Justice Department statement
NEW: T.I. to remain in custody until Friday, when there's a bond hearing . Rapper was arrested Saturday on weapons charges . T.I. won two awards at BET awards show Saturday night .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Three Chinese nationals accused of importing thousands of counterfeit luxury handbags in the United States have been arrested in the past two days, federal authorities announced Thursday. "This was a sophisticated criminal conspiracy that trafficked millions of dollars of counterfeit goods from China, profiting off the backs of legitimate companies and their hard-working employees," said Assistant Attorney General Alice Fisher. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who made the arrests began investigating the alleged scheme five years ago, after raids turned up counterfeit goods
Authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered . Official: Scheme profited "off the backs of legitimate companies" Counterfeit operation allegedly involved 300,000 high-end bags and wallets . The alleged leaders are three Chinese citizens living in New York .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- National Hurricane Center director Bill Proenza left his position Monday, just days after nearly half of the NHC staff signed a petition calling for his ouster. has concluded that the center needs a new director, and with the heart of the hurricane season fast approaching, urges the Department of Commerce to make this happen as quickly as possible," said the petition, which was signed by twenty-three people, including four of five senior hurricane specialists. Hurricane center staffers told CNN's John Zarella they were unhappy not only about his comments about the QuikSCAT, but also about the environment at the center -- one characterized by closed doors and the public airing of dirty laundry
National Hurricane Center director Bill Proenza has left his position . Nearly half of the NHC signed a petition calling for him to step down . Proenza came under fire for comments he made about the QuikSCAT satellite . Staff unhappy with environment of closed doors, public bickering .
Cyclone Sidr, with sustained winds of at least 131 mph (210 kph), made landfall Thursday night along the western coast of Bangladesh near the border with India, unleashing floodwaters. Vince Edwards, national director of the relief agency World Vision in Bangladesh, said the high wind speeds of Cyclone Sidr have laid waste to the all-important rice crop and caused a huge loss of livestock. Defense Secretary Robert Gates was expected to approve plans to send up to three Navy amphibious warships, with up to 3,500 Marines, to locations off the coast of Bangladesh to assist in relief efforts
More than 1,700 people dead, toll expected to rise, official says . 15,000 people are injured following Thursday's tropical Cyclone Sidr . U.N. World Food Programme has food for 400,000 people for three days . Power outages, massive traffic jams and poor phone service in Dhaka .
Jeremiah Munsen, 18, of Grant Parish, repeatedly drove slowly past a group of marchers gathered at a bus depot in Alexandria, which is near Jena, as they awaited buses to return them to Tennessee, federal authorities said Thursday. Authorities there had been accused of injustice in the handling of racially charged cases, including the hanging of nooses in a tree after a group of black high school students sat in an area where traditionally only white students sat. Washington and Grace Chung Becker, acting head of the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division, announced the indictment, issued by a grand jury in Shreveport, Louisiana
Louisiana resident, 18, faces federal hate-crime, conspiracy charges . Driver allegedly taunted civil rights marchers with nooses on pickup truck . Marchers were protesting handling of several racially charged incidents .
"Planet in Peril" executive producer Charlie Moore said the group's longstanding commitment to environmental causes made them a natural choice for the project. earlier this year to see if the group would be willing to write a song to go with the documentary, and the band happened to be in the studio working on their upcoming album. The band also is releasing a live CD/DVD on Tuesday with 22-tracks recorded at a 2005 concert in Dublin, Ireland
R.E.M. song "Until the Day Is Done" debuts on CNN . Song also to be used in documentary "Planet in Peril" Song will be on R.E.M.'s upcoming album . Band releasing live CD/DVD next week .
Chertoff believes a fence would curb the steady stream of illegal immigrants making their way across the border and lessen the flow of drugs. Richard Cortez, the mayor of the border town of McAllen, Texas, believes hiring more Border Patrol agents, deepening the Rio Grande, and clearing its banks of tall vegetation would provide better border protection than the fence. Customs and Border Protection wrote in an e-mail, "We do not plan to suspend work on the construction of fence in order to hold a series of additional consultation meetings
Government wants land for border fence; landowners refuse . Secretary Chertoff says he won't relent "for a particular individual" Eloisa Tamez says her property has been in her family since 1767 . Border town mayor calls the fence "a multibillion-dollar speed bump"
TAMPA, Florida (CNN) -- Some Christian congregations, particularly in lower income, urban areas, are turning to an unlikely source for help -- the Church of Scientology. " In the book, which lays out ways to maintain a temperate lifestyle, Kennedy found a message he believed could help lift his predominantly lower income African-American congregation. Driven by a need to address the rampant drug problem in his community, McLaughlin spent years searching for a solution before he discovered "Narconon," Scientology's nonprofit drug rehab center, in 2001
Christian pastors borrow ideas from Scientology to preach temperate lifestyle . Critics say Scientology is a cult, always looking for recruits . Pastor in Houston, Texas, claims 70 percent success rate with addicts .
The attack occurred Tuesday near an office housing judicial police in the city of Thenia, about 50 km (31 miles) east of the capital of Algiers, the agency said. An al Qaeda affiliate claimed responsibility last year for the deadliest attack in Algiers in 10 years, a bombing that destroyed the prime minister's headquarters and a police base, killing at least 24 people and wounding more than 220. Al Qaeda also took responsibility for a January 2 bombing that killed four and wounded 20 at a building housing security forces in Naciria, a city about 50 km (31 miles) east of Algiers
Attack occurred near an office housing judicial police in the city of Thenia . The blast destroyed about 20 houses; 23 also injured . Al Qaeda also took responsibility for a January 2 bombing that killed four .
SUSSEX, Virginia (CNN) -- Suspended NFL quarterback Michael Vick must adhere to tightened restrictions after he tested positive for marijuana use, a federal judge said Wednesday. " Vick faces a possible prison term of 12 to 18 months after his August guilty plea to federal conspiracy charges related to dogfighting on his property in Surry County, Virginia. Vick's guilty plea in the federal case came after three associates -- Purnell Peace, 35, of Virginia Beach, Virginia; Quanis Phillips, 28, of Atlanta, Georgia; and Tony Taylor, 34, of Hampton, Virginia -- admitted their roles in the operation and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors
Vick's September 13 drug test shows marijuana use . Pretrial release conditions tightened; must stay home from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. Virginia grand jury indicts Vick and the three co-defendants on state charges . Vick already faces up to 18 months in prison after federal plea deal .
LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr clowned around and marveled at their band's amazing impact in an interview Tuesday on CNN's "Larry King Live. " Larry King, left, poses with (l-r) Paul McCartney, Yoko Ono Lennon, Olivia Harrison and Ringo Starr Tuesday in Las Vegas. McCartney and Starr were in Las Vegas with Yoko Ono Lennon and Olivia Harrison, the widows of John Lennon and George Harrison, to celebrate the anniversary of Cirque du Soleil's "Love," which uses the Beatles' music
Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr say their music sounds better . The former Beatles talk to CNN's Larry King . Widows of John Lennon and George Harrison also appeared . Harrison, Ono say their husbands still have strong presence .
About 2,000 Palestinian refugees are stranded in camps along the Syrian border and face difficult living conditions, including limited medical care, the U. The agency has appealed for the resettlement of "vulnerable and sick" children in Al Waleed refugee camp at the Iraqi-Syrian border. The agency says seven people, including three children, have died at the camp since refugees fleeing attackers began arriving at the border in March 2006
U.N. agency appeals for medical resettlement of Palestinians in Iraq camps . About 2,000 Palestinians in camps along Iraq-Syria border . 30 to 40 refugees arrive at border camp each week, UNHCR says .
Coast Guard planes and ships were searching Friday for a Japanese balloonist who disappeared off the Alaska coast while flying from Japan to the west coast United States. Read said two Coast Guard C130 Hercules planes conducted searches Thursday 435 miles south of Adak, Alaska, the balloonist's last known position. Kanda holds the world record for the longest-duration balloon flight, with a time of 50 hours and 38 minutes, according to the World Air Sports Federation
Balloonist Michio Kanda missing on flight from Japan to U.S. U.S. Coast Guard searching area around his last known position . Kanda holds the world record for the longest-duration balloon flight .
The forum at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood comes hours after the Obama campaign revealed it had raised $32 million in January from roughly 170,000 new donors. Edwards suspended his presidential run Wednesday in New Orleans, Louisiana, but he didn't endorse any candidate despite what aides described as furious lobbying campaigns by Obama and Clinton. Clinton and Obama have split victories in their parties' early-voting states: Obama has won in Iowa and South Carolina, and Clinton has won in New Hampshire, Nevada, Michigan and Florida
Debate will be last time top Democrats face off before Super Tuesday contests . Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama to go one-on-one for first time together . Ex-Sen. John Edwards suspended presidential campaign Wednesday . Debate will start at 8 ET on Thursday night on CNN and CNN.com .
The United States is outraged by the terrorist attack, said Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, who is traveling with President Bush in Saudi Arabia. Mohammed Chatah, senior adviser to Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora, pointed out that the attack happened during "a major political crisis" in Lebanon, which has been without a president for nearly eight weeks amid a bitter political feud. In February 2005, the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in Beirut sparked widespread protests that led to the ouster of Syrian forces from Lebanon
NEW: The United States is outraged by the attack, Secretary of State Rice says . Car bomb strikes U.S. Embassy vehicle north of Beirut . Three Lebanese civilians dead, American and Lebanese officials confirm . Driver of the vehicle was slightly injured, and the only passenger was not hurt .
By the way, chapter three, verse sixteen of the Gospel of John says, "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. A die-hard Jets, Mets and Rangers fan, Joe Benigno was a frequent caller to WFAN, New York's all-sports radio station. Also receiving votes: John Hinckley; the fan who started the Pistons-Pacers brawl in 2004; Jeffrey Maier; The Kissing Bandit; "Butch" from Middlebury; Metallica superfan-turned-bass player Jason Newstead; and Steve Bartman
"Rainbow Man," or the John 3:16 guy, is in prison . Communist dictator is a hoops fan . From fan to talk radio host . How an all-star heckler lost his seat .
LONDON, England -- A mother is seeking to have the womb of her severely disabled daughter removed to prevent the 15-year-old from feeling the pain and discomfort of menstruation. " Andy Rickell, executive director of disability charity Scope, told the Press Association: "It is very difficult to see how this kind of invasive surgery, which is not medically necessary and which will be very painful and traumatic, can be in Katie's best interests. "This case raises fundamental ethical issues about the way our society treats disabled people and the respect we have for disabled people's human and reproductive rights
Mother seeks to have womb of severely disabled daughter, 15, removed . Briton wants to prevent cerebral palsy sufferer feeling pain of menstruation . UK doctors seek legal advice to see if they can perform hysterectomy . Charity for disabled says move could infringe human rights .
(CNN) -- The Chinese government is bracing itself for a rush of people wishing to marry when the summer Olympics kick off on August 8 -- because the number carries a special significance in Chinese culture, the state news agency said Sunday. "We've long been prepared for a stampede of newly-wed couples this year," Guo Xusheng, spokesman with the Beijing Municipal Civil Affairs Bureau, told Xinhua. Nearly 3,400 couples got hitched on the day last year, some waiting all night outside the marriage registration office in Beijing
China braces for rush of weddings on opening day of Olympics . Opening day of Beijing Olympics is August 8, 2008 . The number "8" is considered by many Chinese to carry good fortune .
LONDON, England -- Nihat Kahveci sent Turkey into the Euro 2008 finals behind defending champions and Group C winners Greece with the only goal in a narrow 1-0 victory over battling Bosnia-Herzegovina. Nihat struck at the end of a first half that Fatih Terim's Turkey dominated, yet the hosts were unable to build on that lead and had to endure some tense moments. Portugal went through from Group A after a goalless home draw against qualification rivals Finland while group winners Poland completed their program with a 2-2 draw away to Serbia E-mail to a friend
Nihat Kahveci put Turkey into Euro 2008 with 1-0 win over Bosnia/Herzegovina . Nihat struck at the end of a first half as Turkey joined holders Greece in finals . Portugal joined Poland in qualifying from Group A with 0-0 draw with Finland .
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Coalition troops killed the al Qaeda terrorist who masterminded the February 2006 attack on Samarra's al-Askariya mosque and set off continuing violence and reprisal killings between Sunnis and Shiites, the U. Al-Badri is believed to have been involved in other attacks, including two last year, Fox said -- the June 23 bombing of a Kirkuk courthouse that left 20 Iraqis dead and the August 28 attack at a Samarra checkpoint that killed 29 Iraqi soldiers. Two mortar rounds struck a gas station in a mainly Shiite neighborhood in eastern Baghdad on Sunday, killing at least 11 people and wounding 15 others, a spokesman with Iraq's Interior Ministry said
Haitham Sabah al-Badri was the al Qaeda emir of greater Samarra . U.S. military says al-Badri suspected in two other attacks that killed 49 . Family of slain girl upset soldier wasn't sentenced to death, Reuters says . At least 11 people killed in mortar attacks in Baghdad, Interior Ministry says .
John Swails, Tim Brooker and Paulita Brooker said they lost their jobs after reporting information indicating that Roberts and his family lavishly spent school money for personal expenses. The suit also claimed Oral Roberts University gave a "convicted sexual deviant unrestricted access to students" and evidence in the case had been shredded -- charges the university has denied. " The Board of Regents, which voted to hire an auditor to look into the claims, will meet early next week to discuss a search process for a new president, according to Friday's statement from Chairman George Pearsons
"I love ORU with all my heart," Richard Roberts writes in his resignation letter . Three professors allege they were fired for revealing misspending . Roberts and wife deny spending university funds improperly . Roberts announced last month he was stepping aside temporarily as president .
Against an atmosphere of intense political and patriotic fervor, the flag-draped coffins of the politician and two bodyguards also killed in Wednesday's rush hour blast made its way through the city's Christian district to the Sacred Heart church on what the government had declared as a day of national mourning. Ghanem's death is the latest in a series of attacks targeting prominent anti-Syrian figures, with the most notorious being the February 2005 assassination in Beirut of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, which sparked widespread protests that led to the ouster of Syrian forces from Lebanon. CNN's Beirut bureau chief Brent Sadler said that many Lebanese now feared for the future, especially given other events in the region including the conflict between Palestinians and Israelis, recent political differences in Iraq and Iran's bid to become a super power
Thousands lined Beirut streets to honor anti-Syrian MP, killed in car bomb blast . Noted parliamentarian killed along with four others during Wednesday rush hour . Flag-draped coffin paraded through streets before burial in Christian district . Day of national mourning called, with schools, universities, public offices shut .
ROME, Italy (CNN) -- Police made a string of arrests across Europe Tuesday, detaining 20 people suspected of involvement in the recruitment of suicide bombers, Italian police said. Salafi is an extreme school of Islamic thought which developed in Egypt and began to have prominence with militant groups there in the late 1960s and has since been adopted by terrorist groups in North Africa, the Middle East, and Europe, said Sajjan Gohel, director of international security at the Asia Pacific Foundation in London. The main terrorist cell was based in the northern Italian region of Lombardy and involved what investigators called a "long-term" jihadist program which provided military and ideological training
Police say 20 suspected of involvement in the recruiting suicide bombers held . Arrests were in Italy and across other European countries, police say . Those held are accused of recruiting bombers to go to Iraq and Afghanistan . 11 people were held in Italy and nine others across Europe .
Never mind the human -- the dog in haute couture was the fashionistas' focus during Pet Fashion Week. It was Pet Fashion Week New York and these canines were not wearing the boring plaid raincoats that have sold for years. Booths at the annual event features couture clothing, jewelry and other accessories for the well-dressed doggie -- all part of the $40 billion pet industry
Dogs ruled in New York during Pet Fashion Week . Dazzling couture designs trotted down the runway . Upscale pet accessories, apparel, and lifestyle items on display . Design awards encourage pushing the envelope in style .
CNN spoke to the director of "Monsoon Wedding" and "Salaam Bombay!" at the Bollywood Movie Awards in Long Island about filmmaking in India and America and her adaptation of Jhumpa Lahiri's novel about loss and family, "The Namesake. CNN: What inspired you to make "The Namesake"? Mira Nair: I happened to read "The Namesake" on a plane in early 2004, when I traveled from New York to Jo'berg to finish the filming of "Vanity Fair. "Salaam Bombay!" we really made for the children on the streets and the kids who really love that Bollywood stuff, and also with "Deeply Alternative," which ran for 27 weeks
Nair directed "Monsoon Wedding," "Vanity Fair," "Salaam Bombay!" Her film, "The Namesake," is based on Jhumpa Lahiri's novel . Nair cast character of "Gogol" after teenage son's recommendation . Nair: Indian and American audiences "not that different"
MIAMI, Florida (CNN) -- A grand jury Tuesday indicted four suspects on charges of first degree felony murder and armed burglary in the slaying of Washington Redskins star Sean Taylor. Hunte, 20, Jason Scott Mitchell, 19, and Charles Kendrick Lee Wardlow, 18 -- appeared in court Tuesday via videoconference wearing thick green vests, which defense attorneys said were suicide safety smocks. They were ordered held without bail at the Pre-Trial Detention Center in Miami, Florida, where Corrections Officer Janelle Hall said they are under suicide watch
NEW: The 17-year-old suspect allegedly fired the fatal shot . NEW: Eric Rivera Jr. will be moved to a Miami-Dade facility Wednesday, attorney says . Three adult suspects in Sean Taylor slaying on suicide watch . Taylor died after being shot in home invasion last week .
HOLLYWOOD, Florida (CNN) -- A man serving a life sentence for robbing a drugstore has confessed to overpowering and fatally shooting a deputy who was taking him to court Wednesday, authorities said. Michael Mazza, 40, was arrested outside a pawn shop in Hollywood, Florida, hours after the death of Broward County Deputy Paul Rein sparked a massive manhunt. The incident happened as Mazza was being taken to the second day of his trial in connection with the armed robbery of a Coral Springs bank, Sheriff Al Lamberti said
NEW: Deadly struggle "transpired within six minutes. That's all it took," sheriff says . NEW: Suspect faces charges including first-degree murder and escape . Incident happened as the deputy was transporting Michael Mazza to court . Mazza was apprehended after a massive manhunt .
SAN FRANCISCO, California (CNN) -- "Human error factors" probably were involved in a ship crash and oil spill that killed nearly 400 birds in San Francisco Bay and prompted a federal criminal probe, the U. The Cosco Busan was departing Oakland for South Korea when it struck a tower supporting the western suspension span of the Bay Bridge, cutting a 212-foot, 12-foot wide gash in the ship's side. In addition to federal prosecutors, the National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the accident, and NTSB spokeswoman Debbie Hersman said Sunday that agency was interviewing the pilot, the ship's crew, and other pilots who were on the water at the time of Wednesday's crash
NEW: Coast Guard initial assessment: Human error probably involved . It was crew's first voyage on Cosco Busan, which hit Bay Bridge in dense fog . Crew not allowed to leave ship due to federal law, says Coast Guard . Feds launch criminal probe; 58,000 gallons leaked and killed nearly 400 birds .
A British hotel chain is promising free accommodation to couples who share their first names with the couple from the Christian Nativity story. "The 'gift' of a free night's stay is to make up for the hotel industry not having any rooms left on Christmas Eve over 2000 years ago when the original 'Mary and Joseph' had to settle for the night in a stable," the company says on its Web site. Couples can register their names at a special e-mail address set up by Travelodge, which has hotels across the Britain, Ireland and Spain, Ahmed said
Couples who share names with the couple from the Nativity story get free room . Almost 30 Josephs and Marys have signed up for the free night's stay . Couples have to bring proof of identity . They also have to prove that they are in a long-term relationship .
Weiner mapped out his quest with a combination of scientific and personal methods, choosing some countries because they traditionally score high on happiness surveys and selecting others to see how factors like money play a role. The relationship between money and happiness took Weiner to the Middle East and Qatar, a country with one of the highest per capita incomes in the world, thanks to oil and natural gas revenues, according to the CIA World Factbook. "He arranges an interesting itinerary because he uses science as his compass," said Daniel Gilbert, a psychology professor at Harvard University and the author of "Stumbling on Happiness
Journalist spent a year looking for the world's happiest countries . Eric Weiner: Bhutan is probably the closest thing on Earth to Shangri-La . He marvels at the creativity and "coziness" of Iceland . Self-described "grump:" chocolate contributes to happiness in Switzerland .
The judge more than doubled the sentence against al-Lahim's 19-year-old client because she spoke to the media about the case, a court source told Arab News, an English-language Middle Eastern daily newspaper. "The Ministry of Justice needs to have a very clear standing regarding this case because I consider this decision to be judiciary mutiny against the reform that King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz started and against Saudi women who are being victimized because of such decisions," he said. The Saudi government recently has taken some steps toward bettering the situation of women in the kingdom, including the establishment earlier this year of special courts to handle domestic abuse cases, adoption of a new labor law that addresses working women's rights and creation of a human rights commission
Woman sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in jail under Islamic law . Judge more than doubled 19-year-old's sentence for speaking to the media . Woman's lawyer loses law license for speaking to Saudi-controlled media . Human rights group: Lawyer faces three-year suspension and disbarment .
OMAHA, Nebraska (CNN) -- Investigators probing the deadly mall shooting in Omaha have seized computers and are analyzing information on Web sites in the search for clues in the case, police said Thursday. The 19-year-old gunman sent at least one text message to his former girlfriend, with whom he broke up about two weeks ago, Omaha Police Chief Thomas Warren said. Police don't yet know why Hawkins chose the mall or the Von Maur department store in particular, Warren said, adding only that the teen "may have frequented the Westroads Mall
Police confiscate computers, examine information on Web sites . Gunman may have frequented the Westroads Mall, police say . Mall shooter was ward of state for almost four years, governor says . Army recruiters turned down Robert Hawkins when he tried to enlist .
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie is visiting Iraq to boost what she sees as lagging efforts to deal with the problems of 2 million "very very vulnerable" internally displaced people in the wartorn country. Many of the internally displaced live precarious lives amid conditions of squalor, crowded into camps and slums that often lack basic necessities, such as proper food, health care and shelter. International agencies, such as the United Nations and the Arab League, and many countries in the region and in Europe are addressing the refugee and the internally displaced persons' crisis, and money is being allocated to Iraq and host countries to help clothe, feed and house people
Angelina Jolie visits Iraq to boost efforts to help internally displaced refugees . Actress tells CNN: "There doesn't seem to be real coherent plan to help them" Jolie is goodwill ambassador for U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . More than 4.2 million Iraqis have fled homes, 2 million to neighboring states .
NAPLES, Italy -- Udinese remained in fifth place in Italy's Serie A after suffering a 3-1 defeat away to Napoli on Saturday, with both teams having a player sent off. Ezequiel Lavezzi scored twice in two minutes to end a goal drought lasting two and a half months, netting on 74 and 75 as Napoli moved up to ninth in the table. Genoa are at home to Catania, third-placed Juventus host bottom club Cagliari, Sampdoria travel to Lazio, Parma play Atalanta and Reggina face fellow strugglers Torino
Udinese stay fifth in Italy's Serie A after suffering a 3-1 defeat away to Napoli . Ezequiel Lavezzi scored twice in two second-half minutes to end goal drought . Both teams were reduced to 10 men, with one player sent off in each half . Fabrizio Miccoli scores only goal to give Palermo a 1-0 victory over Livorno .
The £150,000 trial -- the first of its kind in the UK -- will continue for six months tracking bags for passengers traveling with Emirates to and from Dubai, and transferring through Heathrow. Ultimately, the use of RFID could extend services to frequent flyers, and provide the means to added value services such as faster check-in, and even be integrated with secure collection and delivery. But as Vic Sheppard, Emirates Vice President for UK and Ireland says, "cost is not an issue", especially considering the savings the airline is expected to achieve by reducing loss and repatriation of bags
New trial at Heathrow airport will use RFID to accurately track and monitor luggage . Compared to exsiting bar codes, RFID tags offer 15 percent more reading accuracy . A proposed service will send SMS to passengers informing when bags arrive .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Jordan's King Hussein sent a secret message to President Richard Nixon in 1970 pleading with him to attack Syria, according to declassified documents released Wednesday by the former president's library. Library director Timothy Naftali said the documents describe challenges such as how to get the Saudis more involved in solving the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, how to get them more engaged against terrorism, how to address the Arab view that the United States always sides with Israel and how to build up moderate Palestinians to counter extremists. In 1970, as King Hussein dealt with threats by both Palestinian refugees in his country and Syrian military forces crossing Jordan's border, the king asked "the United States and Great Britain to intervene in the war in Jordan, asking the United States, in fact, to attack Syria," Naftali said
Telegram: King Hussein wanted U.S. strike on invading Syrian troops in 1970 . Nixon White House urged Saudis to distance from PLO's Fatah organization . Papers also discuss Israeli acquisition of nuclear weapon . Documents among 10,000 papers released Wednesday by Nixon Library .
James Orange, a civil rights activist whose 1965 jailing sparked a fatal protest that ultimately led to the famed Selma-to-Montgomery march and the Voting Rights Act, died Saturday at Atlanta's Crawford Long Hospital, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference said in a statement. Orange was a native of Birmingham, Alabama, "who resided in southwest Atlanta for four decades while fighting the good fight for equality and social justice for all mankind," said the SCLC, a civil rights organization. Fowler has claimed he shot Jackson in self-defense, but Orange and Elijah Rollins, who was upstairs at a nearby cafe when the shooting took place, last year disputed claims that protesters were throwing rocks and bottles at police
Orange jailed in Alabama in 1965 for getting students to help voting rights drives . In march to support him, a man was killed, leading to 'Bloody Sunday,' famed march . After successful Selma-to-Montgomery march, Voting Rights Act signed into law .
BEIRUT, Lebanon (CNN) -- Supporters and opponents of Lebanon's pro-Western government appeared to split seats on Sunday as Lebanese voters went to the polls to replace two ruling-party lawmakers assassinated in recent months. But in Metn, a Maronite Christian suburb east of the capital, anti-government candidate Camille Khouri upset former President Amin Gemayel by a few hundred votes, Lebanese television network LBC reported. Hariri's killing triggered a wave of protests against Syria known as the "Cedar Revolution," which brought Siniora's government to power and forced Syria to withdraw the garrison it kept in Lebanon for three decades
Former Lebanese President Amin Gemayel loses by a few hundred votes . Candidates will replace legislator Pierre Gemayel and lawmaker Walid Eido . Both were allies of U.S.-backed Lebanese government and opponents of Syria .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The CIA asked the Justice Department to investigate whether former operative John Kiriakou illegally disclosed classified information when he talked about the waterboarding of a terrorism suspect, government officials say. Written comments are cleared by an agency review board before publication, and unscripted oral comments -- such as television interviews -- are referred to the Justice Department after the fact. Kiriakou said he was not present when other agents used the waterboarding technique on Abu Zubayda, but that he was told the al Qaeda suspect lasted 30 or 35 seconds
Justice Department must decide whether to pursue investigation . Former agent John Kiriakou talked about interrogation technique on TV . Kiriakou attorney says probe could cause CIA more problems . Administration summoned for court hearing on destroyed tapes .
Four years ago, she and her live-in boyfriend -- the guy she thought she would marry -- were having a pre-Valentine's Day brunch when Sullivan leaned over and whispered a few sweet nothings in his ear. Thanks to super-sized expectations and over-the-top commercialization, February 14 has gone from a sentimental aside to a pressure-filled gauntlet lined with chocolate boxes, tennis bracelets and cheesy stuffed bears. " Brian Wise, a 32-year-old technical writer from Seattle has seen his Valentine's Day go sideways repeatedly -- most memorably the time he ended up in handcuffs (and not in a good way)
Woman remembers one Valentine's Day as "Black Monday" High expectations for day can come crashing down . Man ended Valentine's Day in handcuffs with date puking . Skip gag gifts -- can of Spam not a good gift .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Attorneys for a "high-value" terror suspect who says he was tortured while being held at secret CIA prisons have requested that a judge bar the agency from destroying evidence of the alleged torture. Khan -- a native of Pakistan who attended high school in Baltimore -- was held for more than three years at the secret CIA prisons and "subjected to an aggressive CIA detention and interrogation program notable for its elaborate planning and ruthless application of torture," attorney Gitanjali S. "The careful, professional and lawful questioning of hardened terrorists has produced thousands of intelligence reports, revealed exceptionally valuable insights on al Qaeda's operations and organization, foiled terrorist plots and saved innocent lives," Gimigliano said
Majid Khan's attorneys say he endured an "aggressive" interrogation program . Khan's allegations of torture redacted in court documents . Bush administration: Khan worked for 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed . CIA: The United States does not conduct or condone torture .
NEW YORK (CNN) -- City officials in New York have denied Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's request to visit the site of the destroyed World Trade Center next week, a police spokesman said Wednesday. The United States and Iran have not had formal diplomatic relations since 1980 after Iranian militants stormed the United States Embassy in Tehran and held Americans hostage for 444 days. " And former Mayor Rudy Giuliani -- whose leadership after the attacks is the cornerstone of his GOP presidential bid -- said that "under no circumstances" should Ahmadinejad be allowed to visit the World Trade Center site
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad wanted to visit ground zero . New York City officials said no because site is under construction . The United States considers Iran a state sponsor of terrorism . Leaders call request "audacious," "unacceptable"
(CNN) -- A Florida judge Friday handed a legal victory to a former astronaut accused of assaulting a romantic rival, ruling evidence found in her car and statements she made to police after her arrest were inadmissible at trial. Lubet noted that, although Nowak was given the opportunity to use the restroom and was asked if she wanted something to eat, she was "subjected to a barrage of questions" beginning in the predawn hours and was questioned for six hours without being given the opportunity to sleep or make a phone call. " Prosecutors accuse Nowak of driving nearly 900 miles from Houston to Orlando -- wearing NASA diapers to cut down on the number of stops she needed to make -- and donning a disguise before following Shipman from baggage claim to a parking lot
Judge: Lisa Nowak's statements and items in her car were unlawfully obtained . Nowak's attorneys have said her comments were made under duress . Former astronaut is accused of stalking and assaulting a romantic rival . Nowak has pleaded not guilty to charges including attempted kidnapping .
When Fort Myers, Florida, police found eight sets of human remains in the woods in March, they turned to her -- anything to help identify the people who were so mercilessly left to rot amid the trees and mud. She hopes that when the faces of those killed get printed in newspapers or appear on TV or online, a friend or loved one recognizes them and says, "Gee, we haven't seen so-and-so for a while, and that kind of looks like him. And that was exactly the case in Fort Myers, where police were desperate for any information on the dead they found: eight men killed, their bodies discovered in a wooded area on March 23, 2007
Sharon Long is forensic artist who creates faces from skulls . Fort Myers, Florida, police called her after they found eight sets of remains . Only two of the eight remains have been identified .
(CNN) -- German zookeepers in Nuremberg will bottle-feed a four-week-old polar bear and rear it away from its mother after concerns the mother would eat her cub, officials said Thursday. " The zookeepers are pondering whether to bring another adult bear, possibly the cub's father, Felix, to the zoo to help Vera overcome her loss, and are seeking another small bear to serve as a companion for the rescued cub, Time reported. " The plight of the cub follows the case last year of Knut, a cub rejected by its mother at Berlin Zoo who became the focus of a media frenzy after animal rights campaigners called for it to be killed, claiming it had become too dependent on humans
Four-week-old polar bear separated from mother amid fears she would eat it . Nuremberg City Zoo's other polar bear ate its own two offspring earlier this week . Mother was showing signs of being upset and confused, zookeepers said .
(CNN) -- Pastor Brady Boyd calls it the "highlight of my ministry" -- seeing the parents of the man who shot up his church be embraced by the parents of two teenage sisters who were killed in the attack. "It made me evaluate my own life and think, 'Is there anyone I'm not forgiving?'" Boyd was referring to a meeting on January 3 between Ron and Loretta Murray, whose 24-year-old son Matthew carried out the December 9 attack at New Life Church, and David and Marie Works, whose daughters, Stephanie, 18, and Rachael, 16, were killed in the rampage. Matthew Murray began his assault that day at the Youth With a Mission center in Arvada, Colorado, killing two people -- Tiffany Johnson, 26, and Philip Crouse, 24 -- and wounding two others before he went to the New Life Church, about 80 miles away
Parents of church shooter meet with victims' family . They "met and hugged and cried," pastor says . Matthew Murray, 24, killed four people in two shootings, before killing himself . His parents also thanked guard who shot their son .
Citing the proliferation in the number of fires, Schwarzenegger wrote, "Your immediate assistance is necessary to deploy Department of Defense aircraft located in Wyoming, North Carolina and Colorado to assist California in our firefighting effort. The largest of the wildfires was the Buckweed blaze north of Los Angeles, which has consumed 27,500 acres and forced the evacuation of 15,000 residents from Santa Clarita and nearby communities, according to the state forestry department. And in Malibu Canyon, south of the Pacific Coast Highway, nearly 1,450 firefighters were battling a blaze that began Sunday afternoon and still threatened 900 structures in the area, which is home to many Hollywood luminaries, the state forestry department said
NEW: 123 structures destroyed by wildfires in Lake Arrowhead . NEW: White House: Federal Agriculture Department will provide fire crews . Fires threaten San Diego Zoo's Wild Animal Park; animals evacuated . Malibu Canyon fire is 10 percent contained, officials say .
GLASGOW, Scotland -- Wednesday's Glasgow derby between Celtic and Rangers has been postponed as a mark of respect following the death of Motherwell captain Phil O'Donnell, the Scottish Premier League announced. Gretna's match against St Mirren was also postponed as it was scheduled to take place at Fir Park which has become a shrine to the memory of O'Donnell, but the SPL confirmed that the other three fixtures scheduled for Wednesday will go ahead. "A number of our squad have very close connections to Phil's family and feel it would be inappropriate to proceed with this match at such a time, following such a tragic event," he said
Glasgow derby between Celtic and Rangers on Wednesday is postponed . Decision made as a mark of respect after death of ex-player Phil O'Donnell . Motherwell's home game against Celtic next Sunday was already called off .
HARYANA, India (CNN) -- In a nation of more than a billion people and millions of unresolved court cases, how do you take care of the backlog? Long distances over questionable roads stop many Indians from making it into courtrooms. " The mobile court is bused into rural areas to hear both criminal and civil complaints as part of an effort to dig the nation's court system out from under an enormous backlog of cases. With an estimated 300 million unresolved cases languishing in Indian courts, one consultant believes, it could take more than 300 years to clear the docket at the current pace
Indian judges bus mobile courts to rural villages to ease backlog . Judges say the mobile courts make justice more convenient . India has an estimated 300 million unresolved court cases .
"I'm going to just take another job doing 20-hour days, but this time in the private sector," said Townsend, who has spent 25 years working in law enforcement and government. " Townsend's job, as the president's top adviser on fighting terrorism, involved identifying terrorist groups around the globe and assessing their threat, and finding ways to track and cut off their funding. Townsend -- the mother of two, ages 6 and 12 -- said she first will look into public speaking, writing and board work before pursuing opportunities in global risk management for a large multinational corporation or financial institution
Fran Townsend says she'll look for opportunities in the private sector . Townsend has worked in government and law enforcement for 25 years . Townsend will be on a panel searching for a replacement .
86 billion lawsuit filed Wednesday on behalf of nearly 400 Colombian families who say the company should be held responsible for the "torture and murder" of their loved ones. "They conspired with the AUC, aided and abetted them in a far-reaching conspiracy and plan to control every aspect of banana growing, distribution and sale," Reiter said. " In the March plea agreement, Chiquita Brands International agreed to pay a $25 million fine for the payments made by the company's former banana-producing subsidiary in Colombia
Attorney: Clients allege terrorism, war crimes, wrongful death, seek $7.86 billion . Plaintiffs want $20 million in damages for each of 393 victims named in suit . Chiquita admits paying a group that the U.S. labeled a terrorist organization . Company "categorically denies" attorneys' allegations, says it will fight them .
(CNN) -- Before dying, 2-year-old Riley Ann Sawyers was beaten with belts, picked up by her hair, thrown across the room and held under water, according to an affidavit from the Galveston County Sheriff's Office. " The affidavit says the girl's mother, Kimberly Dawn Trenor, described to police how her daughter died and was put in a plastic storage box that Trenor and her husband, Royce Zeigler, later dumped into a Galveston waterway. The affidavit, obtained by CNN, says when police interviewed Trenor on November 23, she "gave a voluntary statement on video with her attorney present in which she describes her involvement, with Royce Zeigler, in the physical abuse, death and disposal of the remains of her daughter, Riley Ann Sawyers
Police affidavit quotes mother's statement about beating that killed girl . Mother's husband threw Riley Ann Sawyers across room, affidavit says . Husband later attempted suicide, mother told police . Riley Ann's mother and her husband arrested after a tip led to search .
July 7, 2005: Four suicide bombers detonate themselves aboard three underground trains and a bus in a morning rush hour attack against London's transport network, killing 52 people and injuring around 700 more. August 2004: Anti-terrorist police disrupt a plot by Islamic militants to blow up targets including the Ministry of Sound nightclub and the Bluewater shopping center in southeast England using explosives packed into limousines and large vehicles. (Read about Lockerbie bomber) October 1984: Five people die in an IRA bomb attack on a hotel in Brighton, southern England, where Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her cabinet are staying for the Conservative Party's annual conference
Two cars loaded with gasoline and nails found abandoned in London Friday . 52 people killed on July 7, 2005 after bombs exploded on London bus, trains . British capital wracked by violence by the IRA for years .
Department of Agriculture said 25 illnesses are under investigation in Connecticut, Florida, Indiana, Maine, New Jersey, New York, Ohio and Pennsylvania. Consumers who find the products at home are asked to cut off the UPC code and return it to Topps for a full refund, then dispose of the product immediately, Topps spokeswoman Michelle Williams said. The products, all ground beef patties and hamburgers with various brand names, were distributed mainly in the northeastern United States, but went to retailers in many other areas of the country as well, Williams said
Topps Meat Co. hamburger patties may contain E. coli bacteria . New Jersey plant's grinding operation shut down . As many as 25 cases of illness recorded in eight states .
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- A boy playing with matches started a Southern California wildfire that scorched more than 38,000 acres, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department said Tuesday. "Our arson explosive detectives, in conjunction with the Los Angeles County Fire Department investigators, immediately began their investigation, and during the course of the investigation, it led to a juvenile suspect," Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Tony Moore told CNN's "American Morning" Wednesday. Authorities said Saturday they were following 1,700 tips about a white Ford F-150 pickup seen near the origin of the sprawling Santiago Fire in Orange County
"He admitted playing with matches and starting the fire," says police report . Boy, whose name and age were not given, is home with his parents . Buckweed Fire burned 38,000 acres, destroyed 63 structures, 21 of them homes .
"One reason the race appears to be tight is that Texas Democrats are having a hard time choosing between two attractive options," says CNN polling director Keating Holland. The McCain campaign probably wishes that number were higher, but it does mean that a McCain victory in Texas would not be based on the votes of moderates and independents, as has happened in several states in the past few weeks. Nineteen percent of Republicans said illegal immigration was their most important issue, putting it in second place, followed by the war in Iraq and terrorism at 17 percent and health care at 8 percent
Texas voters go to the polls March 4 . Sen. John McCain is the clear front-runner on the Republican side . Sen. Barack Obama is on an eight-state winning streak . Some strategists see Texas as a must-win state for Sen. Hillary Clinton .
(CNN) -- At least 200 people were evacuated from their homes, including 84 residents of an apartment building for the elderly, after a tanker truck carrying 9,000 gallons of gasoline erupted early Wednesday in a northern Boston suburb. Firefighters battle a blaze Wednesday north of Boston after a tanker overturned carrying 9,000 gallons of gas. At first, he thought it was a car accident, but when he went outside to investigate the noise, he saw fire "just coming down the hill toward the houses as fast as you could think
Fire chief: "I think it's a miracle that we haven't seen some serious injuries" Officials are investigating whether truck's speed a factor in the accident, chief says . Evacuees taken to an armory converted into a shelter, Red Cross says . Man tells WCVB-TV his car caught fire, exploded as he fled; "I got out just in time"
(CNN) -- Despite the obvious claims of younger rivals Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi, few can really argue with the 96 football journalists who voted Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite as the 2007 World Footballer of the Year. When AC Milan defeated Liverpool in the Champions League final in Athens, avenging their heartbreaking loss to the same team in Istanbul two years previously, it enabled Kaka to fulfill his dream of holding aloft Europe's premier trophy -- a winner's medal he fully deserved after a sublime 90-minute performance. Kaka's progress was soon picked up by his national team coach and Felipe Scolari named the graceful midfielder in his 23-man squad for the 2002 World Cup finals, earning him a winners' medal despite playing only 19 minutes of the tournament in a group match against Costa Rica
Kaka deservedly named World Player of the Year for the first time in his career . The Brazilian beats Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in the journalists' vote . The 25-year-old averages one goal in three games for both AC Milan and Brazil .
PARIS, France (CNN) -- Interpol on Monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the Internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys. "We have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice, but we are now convinced that without the public's help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens," Noble said. "The decision to make public this man's picture was not one which was taken lightly," said Kristin Kvigne, assistant director of Interpol's Trafficking in Human Beings Unit
Man posted photos on the Internet of himself sexually abusing underage boys . Computer experts managed to undo digital masking to reveal the man . Man abused 12 boys in Vietnam and Cambodia .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Up to 80,000 items at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library are unaccounted for, probably because of haphazard record-keeping and inventory procedures, officials said Thursday. The count of 100,000 was an estimate taken from the original Reagan White House Gift Unit database, Weinstein said Thursday, but was never meant to be used as a concrete inventory control number. It has upgraded its management inventory software, is hiring additional trained museum staff, has begun a comprehensive inventory and is addressing storage issues by reshelving artifacts and taking steps to protect artifacts in case of an earthquake
Of 100,000 items, library systems are able to locate about 20,000 . Inspector general: This does not mean the remaining items are missing . Inspector general: Items may "be safely located within the library's storage" Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation expresses "serious concerns"
(CNN) -- Dozens of Defense Department personnel are actively engaged in fighting the wildfires raging in Southern California, Pentagon officials said Tuesday, and thousands more National Guard and active-duty military personnel are available to help. Arnold Schwarzenegger has already called up 1,500 National Guard troops, including more than 200 taken from border duty to help with supplies and security at San Diego's Qualcomm Stadium and DelMar Fairgrounds and Racetrack, where thousands of evacuated residents are taking shelter. And some 100 California National Guard medical personnel are helping alleviate "critical staffing shortfalls" at the San Diego Veterans Center, whose hospital staff are under voluntary and mandatory evacuation orders
NEW: Fires at Camp Pendleton cause evacuation of 3,000 marines . Military lending direct and indirect assistance to firefighting efforts . As firefighting efforts go on, base officials poised to evacuate . Navy and Marine Corps have more than 20 facilities in San Diego area .
"It shows Tom Cruise, with all the wide-eyed fervor that he brings to the promotion of a movie, making the argument for Scientology," which it calls "the bizarre 20th-century religion. A second part of the video, made available to CNN by the publisher of a new unauthorized biography of Cruise, shows Cruise accepting Scientology's Freedom Medal of Valor award and exchanging military-like salutes with Scientology chairman David Miscavige to audience applause. On its Web site, the Church of Scientology highlights its humanitarian work, from anti-drug campaigns in places from Minnesota to Taiwan to teacher training in India
Scientology membership a privilege that's earned, Cruise says . 2004 video part of ceremony honoring Cruise for humanitarian work . Scientology defined as "study of the truth"
Kevin Rudd and French President Nicolas Sarkozy flew into the Afghan capital, Kabul, on Saturday to meet with Karzai and visit their respective country's troops participating in the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force. Joel Fitzgibbon, who took office with Rudd allies during a conference in Scotland earlier this month, said that more work needs to be done to win the "hearts and minds" of the people of Afghanistan in the 6-year-old war against the country's former Taliban rulers and their al Qaeda allies. Rudd made a surprise visit Friday to Iraq, where he promised continued Australian aid, despite a decision to withdraw all 550 Australian troops in Iraq by mid-2008 -- an effort his predecessor, John Howard, staunchly opposed
French and Australian leaders arrive in Afghanistan . Both leaders expected to meet with Afghan President Hamid Karzai . Both will visit with their respective country's troops .
Vick, 27, voluntarily turned himself in around noon, said Kevin Trevillan of the Marshals Service, and is being held at Northern Neck Regional Jail in Warsaw, Virginia, until the sentencing hearing. On September 25, a Virginia grand jury indicted Vick and the three co-defendants -- Purnell Peace, 35, of Virginia Beach, Virginia; Quanis Phillips, 28, of Atlanta, Georgia; and Tony Taylor, 34, of Hampton, Virginia -- on state charges of running a dogfighting ring at Vick's home outside Newport News. Vick must participate in substance abuse therapy and mental health counseling "if deemed advisable by the pretrial services officer or supervising officer" at his own expense, the order said
NEW: Vick's attorney says early surrender shows Vick accepts responsibility . Sentencing set for December 10 on dogfighting charges against Michael Vick . Atlanta Falcons quarterback pleaded guilty in August . Monday, he surrendered to begin whatever sentence he gets on December 10 .
(CNN) -- Football should be used to teach young people moral lessons, Pope Benedict XVI said during an audience with representatives from the Italian football league and lower division clubs. Italian football has been tarnished in recent seasons by corruption, match-fixing scandals and crowd trouble, but the pope insisted the sport celebrated positive virtues as well. 16 shirt by officials of the lower league club Ancona after the Vatican endorsed its campaign to turn itself into a "beacon of morality" by adopting an "innovative, ethical model of practising football," Reuters reported
Pope says football can teach values of "honesty, solidarity and fraternity" Sport should be used as a vehicle of education for young people, he says . Vatican has endorsed lower league club Ancona's adoption of ethical code . German-born pope is reputed to be a Bayern Munich fan .
(CNN) -- Two tractor-trailer trucks crashed and burst into flames Thursday on a bridge between the United States and Mexico, shutting a key border crossing and killing four people, police said. The collision on the Pharr-Reynosa International Bridge in Texas triggered a chain-reaction accident with three other vehicles, said Lt. Pharr Emergency Management Coordinator Elsa Sanchez told The Associated Press the pickup truck had Texas license plates, and the two 18-wheelers and a minivan involved in the wreck appeared to have Mexican plates
NEW: Bridge reopens Friday morning after highway engineers give OK . Four killed in chain reaction crash that started when two tractor-trailers collided . Three killed in pickup truck that fell off bridge; 4th victim in car that hit one 18-wheeler . Crash happened on bridge linking Pharr, Texas, and Reynosa, Mexico .
BANGKOK, Thailand (CNN) -- The wife of ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra arrived in Thailand Tuesday morning to face corruption charges, promising to fight the accusations, her attorney said. In December's parliamentary elections, supporters of Thaksin, the People Power Party, won nearly half the seats in the lower house and will lead the ruling coalition. PPP leader Samak Sundaravej said a new parliament controlled by his party would pass an amnesty law to allow Thaksin's return and amend the constitution to let Thaksin get back into politics
Thaksin Shinawatra's wife handed arrest warrant after she returns to Thailand . Pojamarn Shinawatra faces corruption charges that could imprison her for 20 years . The case involves Pojamarn's 2003 purchase of some prime Bangkok real estate .
PARIS, France (CNN) -- The Paris suburbs were again rocked by riots after a second night of lawlessness Monday caused widespread destruction and left scores of police injured, according to French authorities and media reports. An angry mob repeatedly clashed with riot police and torched cars and buildings in the town of Villiers-le-Bel, north of Paris, after two teens on a motorcycle were killed following a collision with a police car Sunday night. " According to the initial findings from the French police watchdog, reported Tuesday in the daily newspaper, Le Figaro, the boy's motorbike was driving "at very high speed" and had failed to give priority to the police patrol vehicle
Riots in French suburb for second night after two teens killed in police crash . Violence spreads from Villiers-le-Bel, north of Paris, to two nearby towns . More than 60 police injured, bombarded with Molotov cocktails and bottles of acid . Parallels drawn with unrest in 2005, when President Sarkozy was interior minister .
She stunned global cinema audiences with her controversial and Oscar-nominated performance as a lonely deaf girl in the film "Babel. Despite her success, she remains an unconventional figure in Japan, at odds with the traditional demure image of the Japanese woman and forging a career on her own terms. Talk Asia follows her on a modelling assignment, discusses how her life has changed since "Babel" and revisits the unique location of one of the film's most important scenes
Rinko Kikuchi was Oscar-nominated for her performance in the film "Babel" She has recently worked with Karl Lagerfeld as the new face of Channel . She challenges the traditional demure image of the Japanese woman .
Businesses have been destroyed and looted and supply routes disrupted after the opposition accused incumbent president Mwai Kibaki of election fraud after he was declared winner Sunday. The equity market on the Nairobi Stock Exchange lost 40 billion Kenyan Shillings ($591 million) in value on its first day of New Year trading Wednesday, the Kenyan financial newspaper Business Daily Africa reported. However, fears that the tourist industry could take a heavy hit from the unrest grew with the British Federation of Tour Operators announcing Thursday it was suspending all holidays to the country departing up to and including this Saturday
Kenya's once-stable economy faltering due to violence following disputed election . Equity market on Nairobi Stock Exchange lost $591 million on first day of 2008 . Business leaders say the government losing $29.5 million a day in revenues . Thriving tourist industry also hit, with British tour operators calling off flights .
Monita Rajpal meets the boys behind Ducati's motorbikes, Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson explains why flying is his new source of adrenaline, and trance legend Paul Van Dyk takes us round his favorite haunt in the former East Berlin. CNN's Monita Rajpal visits the Bologna factory floor and talks to some of the men behind the company, meets Ducati's Moto GP champion Casey Stoner and takes a test drive of Ducati's Desmosedici racing replica, the world's first road-legal grand prix bike. Watch as Van Dyk takes Art of Life on a tour of his hometown, the former East Berlin, and shows how he has drawn from the city's war-weathered rhythms to gain inspiration for his songs
This month Art of Life looks at motorbike, planes, DJs and Rock idols . Monita visits the Ducati factory in Bologna, meets Moto champ Casey Stoner . Iron Maiden singer Bruce Dickinson talks about his passion for flying . DJ Paul Van Dyk takes us on a tour of his favorite parts of Berlin .
The Democratic Party has stripped the state of its delegates for moving up its primary date so early, and top-tier Democratic candidates have taken their names off the ballot, except for Sen. "While the Free Press differs with McCain on a number of issues, the Arizona senator is a smarter, more tested and pragmatic leader who has shown since 2000 that he knows how to build bipartisan alliances around issues," the newspaper said in an editorial. The Detroit News also endorsed McCain, citing his fiscal conservatism and command of military and foreign affairs, over Michigan native Mitt Romney
Independents, Democrats can vote in Michigan's open Republican primary . No Democratic delegates at stake, and most top-tier candidates aren't on ballot . Economic woes top concern for Michigan primary voters .
The Marine's car was found Monday at Jacksonville's bus station, Brown told the Daily News, and her cell phone had been found at Camp Lejeune's front gate on December 20. Investigators told the Marine Corps Times that a withdrawal from Lauterbach's bank account was made on December 14 and said there was "suspicious activity" on the account 10 days later. The Raleigh News and Observer, citing Brown, reported that the woman's mother said her daughter phoned home or her relatives up to 12 times a week and the mother became concerned when she did not hear from her daughter for five days
Lance corporal due to give birth at any time, sheriff says . Marine's car found Monday at bus station . Mother reported Marine missing on December 19 . Sheriff: Marine was to testify about incident at base, according to mother .
" The greatest concern is the ripple effect it will have in the long term -- an entire generation lacking basic life skills, surviving with no education, no income and no families. At a waiting room at an Iraqi Red Crescent treatment center in Baghdad's Mansour district, CNN came across several young children in desperate need of care. Baha, a 12-year-old boy, was waiting to see a doctor, recalling the exact date -- January 16, 2004 -- he lost his left eye
Head of Iraqi Red Crescent says parents abandoning their kids at alarming rates . Sometimes he wonders: "Oh my God, how are we going to solve it?" The greatest concern is the long-term effect on an entire generation . "Trauma of what's happening to those children is enormous"
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Coalition forces found 26 bodies buried in mass graves and a bloodstained "torture complex," with chains hanging from walls and ceilings and a bed connected to an electrical system, the military said Wednesday. From December 8 to 11, the troops who found the complex also killed 24 people they said were terrorists and detained 37 suspects, according to a statement issued by Multinational Division North at Camp Speicher in Tikrit. They included anti-aircraft weapons, sniper rifles, more than 65 machine guns and pistols, 50 grenades and a surface-to-air missile launcher and platform, the statement said
NEW: Military says some of the 26 bodies may belong to Iraqi police . Complex believed to be an al Qaeda in Iraq haven . Coalition forces say they made the discovery during operations in northern Iraq . Military: Evidence of torture and murder against local villagers found .
ElBaradei, Director General IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency), hinting at the possibility of its nuclear weapons falling into the hands of extremists," according to a ministry statement. " Pakistan has been in a state of political upheaval since the country's opposition challenged President Pervez Musharraf's tight grip on power, pushing him to step down as military chief and lift the emergency rule he had imposed in early November. In response to the IAEA director-general's comments, Pakistan's foreign ministry stressed in its statement that ElBaradei, "on several occasions, has been briefed about the structure and control mechanisms put in place to ensure complete safety of our nuclear assets
Pakistan rejects fears its nuclear weapons could fall into the hands of extremists . Mohamed ElBaradei, U.N. nuclear watchdog chief, voiced his worries Tuesday . ElBaradei: I fear chaos in this state, which has 30 or 40 nuclear weapons . Pakistan: Our nuclear weapons as secure as those held by other nuclear states .
In a campaign that had been drifting toward economic issues, the assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and the turmoil in Pakistan could refocus voters on who is best qualified to deal with crises in other parts of the world. Barack Obama's camp, which has spent a year pushing back on criticisms that he lacks experience, insisted they welcome the renewed talks on foreign policy and called attention to Clinton's "yes" vote on the Iraq war. If Pakistan falls into complete turmoil, martial law is declared again, you end up with a state that is being run by a dictator; ladies and gentleman that does not bode well for Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, India," he said
Discussion on campaign trail turns to foreign policy, national security, terrorism . Candidates trying to portray themselves as the one with the most experience . Richardson says he would call on Musharraf to step down, Thompson disagrees . McCain challenges Giuliani's foreign policy experience .
Then, as now, a presidential election is the setting, and the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set Lebanon back 20 years. The various factions had fought each other to a standstill; Arab governments, supported by the West, helped negotiate a new constitutional framework overseen by Syrian influence. On March 14, Martyrs' Square became a human sea of demonstrators: Muslims, Druze and Christians alike, demanding the "truth
CNN's Octavia Nasr: Will Lebanon's brief renaissance be snuffed out? Nasr says Lebanon's key power players haven't changed since 1980s . Nasr: Current struggle threatens to set Lebanon back 20 years .
British Embassy officials in Rome said five fans received stab wounds while two others, including a 16-year-old boy, needed treatment for being drunk, the Press Association reported. An embassy spokeswoman said: "Seven Manchester United supporters were taken to hospital after fighting broke out on the Pont Duca d'Aosta bridge which fans cross over the river to get to the stadium. United boss Sir Alex Ferguson had hoped tonight's game would pass off peacefully but the British Embassy in Rome had warned supporters faced a "real danger of attack" by the Ultras
Seven Manchester United supporters taken to hospital before game in Rome . British Embassy officials in Rome said five of the fans received stab wounds . Embassy spokeswoman said that the injuries were not thought to be serious .
LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- An intense manhunt was under way Monday for Chester Stiles, a 37-year old man whom police say is a suspect in the videotaped rape of a 3-year-old girl four years ago. De Meo said the FBI also is seeking him in a separate matter involving state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under 14. Darren Tuck, a Nevada resident who allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police, faces a possible sentence of 10 years to life for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography, according to De Meo
Chester Stiles' ex-girlfriend says she's "disgusted" she helped him meet child . Stiles sought by police as suspect in 3-year-old girl's videotaped rape . Ex-girlfriend Tina Allen says he seemed good with kids when she dated him . Allen says the girl lived in same apartment with her children .
The 50-minute tape -- titled "An Invitation to Reflection and Repentance" -- was released by As Sahab, al Qaeda's video production wing and was provided to CNN by www. In it, Gadahn renounces his citizenship to protest the imprisonment of Sheikh Omar Abdul Rahman, a blind Egyptian Muslim leader serving a life sentence for his role in the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center; and John Walker Lindh, the American Taliban who was arrested in Afghanistan in 2001, and others. "We raise an urgent appeal to our mujahedin brothers in the Muslim Palestine, the Arabian Peninsula in particular, and the region in general, to be prepared to receive the crusader butcher Bush on his visit to Muslim Palestine and the occupied peninsula at the beginning of January," he said
Adam Gadahn in videotape tears up U.S. passport, speaks in Arabic and English . Tape was released by As Sahab, al Qaeda's video production wing . Originally from California, Gadahn talks about Bush's upcoming trip to Middle East . Gadahn is on the FBI's Most Wanted List with $1 million reward for information .
Speaking to CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider, Sorensen discussed Kennedy's famous 1960 speech and compared it to the speech on faith in politics delivered Thursday by Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, who would be the first Mormon in the White House if he is elected. Why did Kennedy avoid discussing his religious views? Sorensen: Because [Kennedy] began the speech by saying his private religious beliefs -- his relationship with God or Jesus Christ or anything else -- was not a matter of public discussion. This country is in deep, serious trouble, and thoughtful citizens surely are going to make up their minds based on the major issues confronting the country and the major qualities of the candidates and not on such superficial tests as religion, race, or gender
Ted Sorensen helped draft Kennedy's 1960 speech on Roman Catholicism . GOP presidential hopeful Mitt Romney delivers speech on faith in politics . Kennedy, Romney views on religion differ greatly, Sorensen says . Sorensen says Kennedy viewed religion as more of a private matter .
The aircraft first entered service on June 7, 1995, with more than 900 suppliers from 17 countries coming together to provide the more than three million parts needed in its construction, according to the Boeing Web site. Since its inaugural flight, Boeing has extended the 777 family to five commercial passenger models and a freighter version, collectively making more than two million flights. The Boeing Web site claims the 777 set the "Great Circle Distance Without Landing" record, traveling 20,044 km, and it set the record for "Speed Around the World, Eastbound," traveling at an average speed of 889 km per hour
The Boeing 777 aircraft first entered service on June 7, 1995 . First airplane U.S. (FAA) approved for extended-range twin-engine operations . Engineers designed, electronically pre-assembled the 777 using computers . In 2005, a Boeing 777 set a new world record for distance traveled non-stop .
"Over the next few months, we have to show people our capability of making the difference on the ground," said Blair, who co-hosted the conference in his new role as envoy for the so-called Middle East Quartet of the United Nations, United States, European Union and Russia. Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni spoke of taking such actions, saying Israel is committed to meeting its responsibilities under the Middle East road map, especially regarding the contentious issue of settlements. Sarkozy repeatedly told the conference he is a "friend of Israel," but he urged the Israeli government to withdraw troops from the West Bank, freeze settlements, reopen institutions in East Jerusalem and help the isolated population of Gaza
NEW: Donors pledge $7.4 billion to help build a Palestinian state . NEW: IMF offers to monitor Palestinians' promised reforms . Palestinian aid conference organizers hail event as a new beginning . Tony Blair says donors need to be repaid with steps to create a lasting settlement .
"It is only in the United States that a penniless survivor of the Holocaust and a fighter in the anti-Nazi underground could have received an education, raised a family and had the privilege of serving the last three decades of his life as a member of Congress," Lantos said in a statement at the time. He escaped and was sheltered in a Budapest safe house set up by Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, who was credited with saving tens of thousands of Hungarian Jews during World War II. "Chairman Lantos will be remembered as a man of uncommon integrity and sincere moral conviction -- and a public servant who never wavered in his pursuit of a better, freer and more religiously tolerant world," House Republican Whip Roy Blunt of Missouri said in a statement
NEW: Secretary of state calls Rep. Tom Lantos "a true American hero" Lantos was only Holocaust survivor to serve in Congress . California congressman disclosed last month he was suffering from cancer . Lantos had said he would not seek re-election to 15th term in House .
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- All vehicles were banned from the largely Shiite city of Amara Wednesday after three car bombs ripped through a market district, killing at least 27 people and wounded 151, officials said. "The targeting of unarmed civilians today in the markets of Amara town by car bombs -- that is another ring in the chain of conspiracy against the Iraqi people that is aiming to destabilize the security and stability in this province," which he said endured cruelty under the Saddam Hussein regime. It was not immediately known who was responsible for the blasts, but the violence is a reminder of the intense fighting between the Mehdi Army -- the militia of anti-American Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr -- and the Badr Brigade, the militia of the SICI, which condemned the bombings and blamed "Saddamists and Takfiris
NEW: All vehicles banned in city of Amara through Thursday, provincial governor says . Death toll continues to rise as Interior Ministry reports 151 wounded . State television reports that many of the casualties are women, children . Amara has been scene of fighting between rival Shiite factions vying for power .
But a booming tourism industry, impressive economic growth -- currently six percent a year according to The Economist -- and decades of peace in a region scarred by conflict have served to disguise widespread poverty, violent crime and corruption and simmering ethnic tensions. Kibaki, a government minister from 1965 until winning power as head of the Party of National Unity in elections five years ago, also enjoys the support of Kenyatta's successor, Daniel Arap Moi, a member of the Kalenjin tribe who ruled Kenya for 24 years from 1978 to 2002. But they also form a sizeable community in some of Nairobi's most notorious slums, such as the vast Kibera shantytown where Odinga enjoys strong support and where some of this week's fiercest violence has occurred
Kenya's 36 million population made up of around 40 tribal groups . President Mwai Kibaki belongs to the influential and powerful Kikuyu tribe . Challenger Raila Odinga's Luo tribe forms sizeable group in west, Nairobi slums . Kenya dogged by poverty, violent crime, corruption, simmering ethnic tensions .
NEW YORK (CNN) -- In the days after Benazir Bhutto's assassination, it will be tempting to reach two hasty conclusions: that she was Pakistan's last great hope and that her geo-politically crucial country has revealed itself to be inherently hopeless. "Yes," retorted the elder Bhutto, "but I don't drink the blood of the people!" His response captured the spirit of Muhammad Ali Jinnah, Pakistan's founder. Countless Americans are now asking about their founders' intentions, desperate to re-discover the better angels of their country after eight years of George W
Manji says Bhutto disappointed some because she adhered to feudal politics . During Bhutto's time in office, writer says, she did not defy anti-rape laws . Pakistan must "transcend both trauma and tribalism," Manji says .
Al-Jazirah newspaper quoted a Saudi Justice Ministry official saying King Abdullah issued a royal pardon Monday -- the same day that the Hajj, the annual Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca, begins in Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia's Justice Minister Abdullah Bin Mohammad al-Sheikh told al-Jazirah newspaper that the king felt the pardon would be in the best interests of the Saudi people, and the decision did not reflect any lack of confidence in the Saudi justice system. He called a Lebanese TV show to defend her, when a former Saudi judge claimed on the program that she "spoil(ed) their marital bed" by meeting an unrelated male "in secret" and admitted her guilt
NEW: Sources say pardon unrelated to Hajj nor subsequent Eid al-Adha . NEW: Justice minister says king felt pardon in best interests of Saudi people . Report: King Abdullah pardons rape victim sentenced to 200 lashes . A Saudi court had ruled the 19-year-old had an "illegitimate relationship"
Earlier in the day, the inquest heard from Diana's former lawyer, who said the princess had claimed Queen Elizabeth was planning to abdicate in April 1996 and allow Prince Charles to be king. Rae said the claims came at a meeting with her legal team at Kensington Palace in which the princess also made clear her belief that the succession of the English crown should skip a generation to her son, William. In a note from Chief Superintendent Dai Davies, head of the Royal Protection Squad, that was read out to the court, it was stated that he and Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Paul Condon believed that the planned holiday was "unwise
Claims by Diana's butler that he knew "secret" about her trashed by coroner . Paul Burrell asked to testify about the last letter the late princess gave him . Coroner revealed Burrell's "secret" was Diana planned to buy property abroad . But coroner said the revelation is "fairly and squarely in the public domain"
His role as confidant to Diana, who died in a Paris car crash on August 31, 1997, along with her boyfriend Dodi Fayed and hotel security chief Henri Paul, meant his testimony was eagerly anticipated. " Burrell told the inquest that Diana asked him to listen in on a conversation in June 1997 with her mother, Frances Shand Kydd, who died in 2004 and who was critical of her relationship with Muslim men. Mohamed Al Fayed, father of Dodi and the owner of Harrods department store, has long claimed that senior members of the royal family -- specifically the queen's husband, Prince Philip -- ordered the pair be murdered
Paul Burrell, Princess Diana's former butler, gives evidence at inquest . Describes phone call in which Diana's mother called her daughter"a whore" Burrell says Queen Elizabeth's husband was not involved in Diana's death . Also claims that Diana told him: "I need marriage like a bad rash"
President Bush chatted by phone with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, while separately two senior Iraq national government figures met with the head of the country's Kurdish region. National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe said they discussed their common efforts to fight terrorism, and the importance of the United States, Turkey and Iraq working together to confront the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK. They signed a "memorandum of understanding" to deepen relations further with their three parties: Talabani's Patriotic Union of Kurdistan, Barzani's Kurdistan Democratic Party and al-Hashimi's Iraqi Islamic Party, a Sunni Arab entity
Bush: U.S., Turkey and Iraq must unite against PKK Kurdish separatists . Iraqi Kurds are critical of both PKK and air attacks against them . Turkey bombed alleged PKK sites in northern Iraq over the weekend . PKK has spent 20 years fighting for autonomy in Turkey; uses Iraq as a base .
SAN JOSE, California -- Top-seed Andy Roddick easily defeated Delray Beach winner Kei Nishikori of Japan 6-2 6-4 in the headline match at the ATP tournament in San Jose on Thursday night. Roddick needed just 63 minutes to defeat the 18-year-old Japanese who won his first ATP title on Sunday and was on an eight-match winning run. " In the early evening match, James Blake, beaten by Nishikori in the Delray Beach final, overcame first-serve problems to beat Jesse Levine 6-4 6-4 to move onto the quarterfinals
Top seed Andy Roddick reaches last eight of ATP tournament in San Jose . The American defeats Delray Beach winner Kei Nishikori of Japan 6-2 6-4 . Second seed James Blake also advances but third seed Tommy Haas is out .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Several Marines who were involved in the November 2004 offensive in Falluja, Iraq, are now the focus of an investigation into allegations that civilians were intentionally killed during the operation, several Pentagon officials have confirmed. The Web posting includes an account from a Marine who alleges eight captured Iraqis were gunned down following a firefight. It was called Operation New Dawn, and it sparked intense fighting involving airstrikes and house-to-house searches
Several Marines are the focus of 2004 Falluja civilian death investigation . Allegations from former Marine called "credible" Sources: Naval Criminal Investigative Services conducting the probe .
On Wednesday, President Rafael Correa declared a state of emergency and ordered 2,000 members of the army and the police to help rescue workers. Once the crisis has eased, an emergency fund will give seed and fertilizer to help farmers whose fields were washed away, Ecuador's government said. Cristina Medina, a spokeswoman for the Ecuadorean Red Cross, said provinces most heavily affected were along the Pacific coast, where drinking water was often in short supply
At least 10 people have died in torrential rains in Ecuador, officials say . Authorities say the rains are the worst in a quarter century . Civil defense officials say more than 10,000 families have been affected . Ecuador's president declares state of emergency, orders army, police to help .
The country's top player Starace -- 31st in the ATP rankings -- has been suspended for six weeks from January 1 and fined $30,000 (20,890 euros) for making five bets totalling around 90 euros two years ago. Another Italian player, Alessio Di Mauro, became the first player sanctioned under the ATP's new anti-corruption rules when he received a nine-month ban in November, also for betting on matches. Concerns about match-fixing have risen since August, when an online betting company reported unusual betting patterns during a match between fourth-ranked Nikolay Davydenko of Russia and Martin Vassallo Arguello of Argentina
Italian tennis players Potito Starace and Daniele Bracciali banned by the ATP . The pair have been suspended for betting on matches, although not their own . Starace suspended for six weeks while Bracciali is banned for three months .
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The sole survivor of the crash that killed Princess Diana has told a court he still cannot remember the incident but does not support the conspiracy theories surrounding it. He sustained serious injuries in the August 31, 1997 crash and testified that he received anonymous phone calls and letters after the accident, threatening him to keep quiet. He has said the last thing he remembers that night was leaving the Ritz Hotel in Paris, and that his next memory is more than a week later, in his hospital bed, when his parents told him everyone else in the car was dead
Dodi Fayed's bodyguard says can't remember crash that killed Princess Diana . NEW: Trevor Rees received anonymous threatening phone calls, letters after crash . Princess Diana, boyfriend Dodi Fayed and driver Henri Paul all died in accident . Rees was a bodyguard employed by Dodi Fayed's father, Mohamed Al Fayed .
(CNN) -- Stranded in the snowy California woods for three days after losing their way while searching for a Christmas tree, a father and his three children fashioned a "Help" sign out of twigs on a nearby unpaved road, according to the helicopter pilots who found them. " Dominguez and his children -- Christopher, 18; Lexi, 14; and Joshua, 12 -- were reported missing Monday night by Dominguez's former wife and the children's mother, Lisa Sams, according to police in Paradise, California, a town of 27,000 people about 90 miles north of Sacramento. " Dominguez said he used branches and sticks to spell out the word "Help" near the culvert, where the three slept the last two nights -- at times sleeping with their feet inside each other's shirts to help stave off frostbite
NEW: Joshua, 12, "happy to be home. ... I didn't think we were going to make it" Family sought shelter from snow in culvert, warmed each other's frostbitten feet . Frederick Dominguez and his 3 children set out Sunday to cut Christmas tree . More than 80 people searched for them Tuesday in heavy snow .
He observed that the pair didn't think they were doing much different work now from when, as a child, Ethan Coen "got a suit and a briefcase and we went to the Minneapolis International Airport with a Super 8 camera and made a movie about shuttle diplomacy called 'Henry Kissinger, Man on the Go. Swinton beat out 83-year-old Ruby Dee, who had been considered a sentimental favorite for her first Oscar nomination in the supporting actress category, playing Mama Lucas to Denzel Washington's drug kingpin Frank Lucas in "American Gangster. The Academy Awards opened with host Jon Stewart joking about the recently ended writers strike -- which forced a cutback in the Golden Globes and threatened the Oscars as well -- and commenting on the bleakness of the best picture nominees
"No Country for Old Men" wins four awards, including best picture and director . Four acting awards go to Europeans: Cotillard, Day-Lewis, Bardem and Swinton . Best original screenplay is awarded to former stripper Diablo Cody for "Juno" Host Jon Stewart jokes about the recently ended writers strike .
Flight attendants with sick passengers call Good Samaritan Hospital in Phoenix, Arizona, a level-one trauma center where emergency room physicians and a service able to translate 140 languages are on call to answer questions from any of 2 million airline passengers flying at any given time, she said. On average, the company gets about 50 in-flight calls from commercial airliners for an entire day, and an additional 25 or 30 calls related to events that occur at airport gates or aboard yachts and commercial ships, she said. " Each of the nine-pound, $250 kits includes aspirin, alcohol swabs, nitroglycerine tablets, antihistamines, IV tubing, a stethoscope, a blood-pressure gauge, a bronchodilator, syringes, gloves, saline solution, epinephrine, dextrose, a manual resuscitation bag, alcohol pads and shears
Flight attendants call hospital with 24/7 staff, multi-lingual staff who give advice . Pilots, not doctors, decide whether to divert a flight due to passenger illness . U.S.-based commercial airlines carry defibrillators, oxygen and medical kits . A passenger died last week aboard an American Airlines flight .
The bill -- approved overwhelmingly Tuesday by the House of Representatives -- raises automotive fuel economy standards for the first time in more than three decades, requiring a corporate average of 35 miles per gallon by 2020. A Republican filibuster in the Senate removed provisions that Bush objected to that would have eliminated tax breaks for oil companies and a requirement that electric utilities produce a portion of their power from alternative sources. " But Reid said Democrats would continue pushing to shift federal tax breaks away from fossil-fuel producers and into renewable energy research -- one of the party's top priorities when it took control of Congress in January
New law raises auto fuel efficiency standards . Increase to fleet average of 35 miles per gallon is first in 32 years . Senate majority leader calls bill a "great, wonderful first step"
Bush on Friday stressed the role of faith-based groups in the fight against AIDS, calling the struggle one of conscience and morals on the eve of World AIDS Day. Bush is asking Congress for an additional $15 billion to continue and expand the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, a program approved by Congress after he announced it in his 2003 State of the Union address. A giant red ribbon -- the international symbol for AIDS awareness -- was hung from the north portico of the White House Friday morning "to represent the continued battle against HIV/AIDS and to affirm the matchless value of every life," the White House said
Bush: Faith-based groups are "helping to defeat this epidemic one soul at a time" World AIDS Day is Saturday . More than 2 million people have died of AIDS this year . Bush wants to expand the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief .
The state high court seemed especially reluctant to address the issue, saying normally such disputes "are considered private family matters. "In our view, at age 12, M's attitude regarding circumcision, though not conclusive of the custody issue presented here, is a fact necessary to the determination" of whether the mother can press her objections to the procedure, wrote Chief Justice Paul De Muniz for the six-member panel. "Forcing M at age 12 to undergo circumcision against his will could seriously affect the relationship between M and his father, and could have a pronounced effect on father's capability to properly care for M
Case part of parental custody dispute . Father converted to Judaism after splitting with wife . Father wanted son to convert after getting custody . Russian Orthodox mother says son doesn't want procedure .
(CNN) -- A man who rescued a co-worker from the jaws of a crocodile in northern Australia also accidentally shot him in the process, police said. The two men were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in Australia's Northern Territory Tuesday when a crocodile grabbed Jason Grant by the lower right arm, a spokeswoman for the area police told CNN. But a second shot that Fitzgerald fired struck Grant in the upper right arm, said Northern Territory police spokeswoman Katie Fowden
Man rescues co-worker from jaws of crocodile in northern Australia . He shot crocodile, causing it to let go of man's arm, second shot hit man's arm . The two were collecting crocodile eggs by a river bank in the Northern Territory . Wounded man's injuries were not life-threatening .
Wearing street clothes, Rangers Carlos Lopez, 30, and David Ray White, 28, and Army medic Stefan Andre Champagne, 28, appeared in federal court Friday. " Lopez, White and Champagne were arrested Thursday at a storage facility in Sandy Springs, Georgia, a suburb just north of Atlanta, by agents of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives who had set up a sting operation. A subsequent search found that Lopez, White and Champagne were carrying semiautomatic pistols and had an AR-15 assault rifle and a field pouch with 15 magazines of ammunition for it in their vehicle
Arrests made after ATF agents set up a sting operation . Affidavit: ATF "became aware" some soldiers wanted to rob dealers of their cocaine . The investigation began in November . The Army Rangers are an elite light infantry fighting force .
As night fell Saturday, the sounds of gunfire could be heard from the direction of the protesters' gathering, and tracer fire could be seen in the sky, according to another Yerevan resident, who also asked not to be identified out of fear for his safety. Haroutiun Khachatrian, editor of the Noyan Tappan News Agency, told CNN that riot police arrested several hundred people in the square Saturday morning, including many opposition party officials. The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) monitored last month's Armenian election and concluded that it was mostly in line with international standards, although it did include some criticism in its report
NEW: Protest moves after crackdown at Freedom Square . Order sought after protests over last month's election turn violent . Demonstrators say the election was fraudulent . State of emergency could last until March 20, official says .
SAN FRANCISCO, California (CNN) -- Nearly 3 million gallons of sewage spilled into San Francisco Bay when a pump failed at a waste treatment facility, the Marin County Sheriff's Department told CNN on Friday. The Marin County Department of Environmental Health was conducting tests Friday to determine how far the contamination had spread, Pittman said. The California Department of Fish and Game has had a boat and personnel on the water since early Friday, and has found no sign of sick or distressed wildlife resulting from the spill, agency spokesman Steve Martarano said
NEW: Sewage was partially treated, Office of Emergency Services says . The 2.7 million-gallon spill occurred Thursday night, Sheriff's Department says . Pump and alarm failed at Marin County waste treatment facility . Area being tested; boaters advised to avoid Richardson Bay area .
NEW YORK (CNN) -- A massive anti-Mafia sweep that stretched from New York to Sicily has not only cut off the head of the Gambino crime family but lopped off "the shoulders and chest" too, prosecutors said Thursday. Those arrests netted important members of a powerful clan in Sicily linked to Mafia boss Salvatore Lo Piccolo, who was believed to be the successor of the boss of bosses, Bernardo Provenzano. Police say that in his attempt to rise to power, Le Piccolo tried to mend fences with New York-based Mafia families after those ties were broken during the bloody Mafia wars of the 1980s
Dozens of people face charges, ranging from money laundering to murder . Gambino family accused of profiting from extortion . Several companies allegedly paid a "mob tax," Department of Labor official says . Police in Italy also make 77 arrests in connection with organized crime .
(CNN) -- Saddam Hussein let the world think he had weapons of mass destruction to intimidate Iran and prevent the country from attacking Iraq, according to an FBI agent who interviewed the dictator after his 2003 capture. According to a CBS report, Hussein claimed he didn't anticipate that the United States would invade Iraq over WMD, agent George Piro said on "60 Minutes," scheduled for Sunday broadcast. During the nearly seven months Piro talked to Hussein, the agent hinted to the Iraqi that he answered directly to President Bush, CBS said in a posting on its Web site
CBS: Hussein claimed he didn't think the U.S. would invade Iraq over WMD . FBI agent says Hussein lied about having WMD to intimidate Iran . But the Iraqi dictator said he wanted to start the WMD program again, agent said . Hussein was captured in 2003 and hanged in 2006 .
• The twins get a check-up (2/26/08) • VIDEO: Nancy Grace introduces on set 2-14-08 • The twins go out for a stroll (2/11/08) • The twins at 3 months (2/4/08) • The twins in January (1/21/08) • VIDEO: First video of Nancy Grace's twins E-mail to a friend
Pictures of Nancy Grace's twins . John David and Lucy Elizabeth were born November 4, 2007 . Come back to this site for regularly updated pictures!
The Association of Hispanic Advertising Agencies embarked on a Latino cultural identity project last year -- when Kravetz was the organization's chairman -- to better understand a group of consumers they felt could not be adequately reached through the traditional Spanish-language market. Those areas include interpersonal relationships (Latinos tend to emphasize family; individuality is not as important), perceptions of time and space (they have longer time horizons and have a relaxed sense of privacy), and spirituality (religion and spirituality have a strong influence on Latino life and perception of the world). in Latino households, most likely with their parents speaking Spanish at home, eating certain foods at home, certain values and traditions that are instilled in them, from music to religious beliefs to the importance of family, these sorts of things," Chitel said
There are more than 44 million people of Hispanic origin in the U.S. The community includes diverse national origins, generations, languages . Some observers say enough similarities exist to project a communal identity .
Navy has moved the guided-missile destroyer USS Cole and other ships to the eastern Mediterranean Sea off Lebanon, Pentagon officials said Thursday. The country has been without a president since November, when pro-Syrian leader Emile Lahoud's term expired and parliament was unable to agree on a replacement. Lebanon has been wracked by a sometimes-violent power struggle since the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, whose supporters blamed Damascus for his killing
U.S. Navy makes move amid a political standoff over Lebanon's presidency . The presence is important," says chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff . Lebanon's pro-Western majority in parliament struggles with pro-Syrian opposition .
McCain won primaries in Texas, Ohio, Vermont and Rhode Island, giving him more than the 1,191 delegates needed to clinch the GOP nomination. "I am very, very grateful and pleased to note that tonight, my friends, we have won enough delegates to claim with confidence, humility and a great sense of responsibility, that I will be the Republican nominee for president of the United States," McCain told supporters Tuesday night. The Arizona senator's campaign -- his second run for the White House -- was largely written off for dead last summer amid outspoken opposition from the party's conservative base, a major staff shakeup and disappointing fundraising
NEW: Clinton wins in Ohio, Texas, CNN projects . NEW: McCain clinches GOP nomination; Huckabee drops out . NEW: Clinton wins Rhode Island; Obama wins Vermont .
Eighty-three percent of black voters questioned before they entered the caucuses said they were backing Obama, with 14 percent supporting Clinton, who if elected, would become the country's first woman to win the presidency. " Obama's visit to the city coincided with his endorsement Sunday by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, which cited his "appeal across many of the lines that have divided America," adding that "both Clinton and Obama would make very good presidents, [but] Obama is the person; this is his time. Butts said outside the church: "A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote to elect someone who has proven through time to me and to this community and this country that she has the experience to make things happen, and the vision to return us to a place of prosperity
Congressional Black Caucus Institute, CNN host Democratic debate tonight . Front-runners vying for African-American voters ahead of South Carolina primary . Sen. Barack Obama visits former church of the Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. in Atlanta . Sen. Hillary Clinton picks up pastor's endorsement at Harlem church .
" The New York Times reported Sunday that the Bush administration is considering expanding covert operations in the western part of Pakistan to shore up support for Musharraf's government and to find bin Laden and his second in command, Ayman al-Zawahiri. Hillary Clinton, a Democratic presidential candidate from New York, said Saturday that she would try to persuade Musharraf to share the responsibility for safeguarding his country's nuclear weapons with a delegation from the United States and perhaps Great Britain. The Associated Press of Pakistan said the detectives also watched videos of Bhutto's last moments three times, and looked at bird's eye view photographs of Liaqat Bagh park taken from a building that overlooks the Rawalpindi public site
NEW: British counter-terrorism experts re-inspect Bhutto's vehicle . NEW: Bhutto's assassination was her own fault, says Musharraf in interview . NEW: He blamed her for standing up outside the safety of an armored car . Bhutto's husband, Asif Ali Zardari, wants a U.N. inquiry into his late wife's death .
(CNN) -- A Texas couple charged with killing the little girl known as "Baby Grace" now face capital murder charges, after a Texas grand jury upgraded the charges on Wednesday. " Police sketches of the child were widely distributed, and Sheryl Sawyers, the girl's paternal grandmother, contacted police from her Ohio home to say the drawing resembled her granddaughter. But since the initial charges were filed last month the investigation has continued and police have gathered additional evidence, in addition to confirming Riley's identity, said a statement released Wednesday by Galveston County Criminal District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk
Grand jury upgrades charges against girl's mother and mother's husband . Presented new evidence, jury took just 3 minutes to vote for tougher charges . Riley Ann Sawyers, initially known as Baby Grace, was beaten to death . Prosecutors haven't decided whether to seek death penalty for couple .
Al-Lahem had previously told CNN that the Saudi judge revoked his license as punishment for speaking to the media about his client's case, which attracted international attention. The seven rapists were sentenced to two to nine years in prison but she also was sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison for having violated the kingdom's strict Islamic law by being alone with an unrelated man. Under Saudi law, women are subject to numerous restrictions, including a strict dress code, a prohibition against driving and a requirement that they get a man's permission to travel or have surgery
Saudi lawyer Abdul Rahman al-Lahem says his license to practice is reinstated . Al-Lahem says license revoked because he publicized rape victim's conviction . Saudi minister last month denied license was ever revoked . Rape victim was convicted of being alone with an unrelated man .
We asked you to share your photos of Russia and tell us about your experiences in the country, and photos and stories poured in of beautiful places and ordinary places, and of hopes for Russia's future in the 21st century. " Volker Kleensang, of Hamburg, Germany, frequently visits Kaliningrad, Russia, a former German territory that lies between Poland, Lithuania and the Baltic Sea. It was his first trip out of the region, and he said it was a "major eye opener" to see the gap between the rich and poor: "Fast cars power past a begging woman on the streets of Moscow
Eye on Russia is part of a CNN series looking at contemporary Russia . CNN.com asked readers to share their photos, views of Russia .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security issued a bulletin Thursday citing an alleged claim of responsibility by al Qaeda for former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto's assassination, a DHS official told CNN. But such a claim has not appeared on radical Islamist Web sites that regularly post such messages from al Qaeda and other militant groups. The source of the claim was apparently Italian news agency, Adnkronos International (AKI), which said that al Qaeda Afghanistan commander and spokesman Mustafa Abu Al-Yazid had telephoned the agency to make the claim
FBI, Department of Homeland Security issue bulletin Thursday . Bulletin says two al Qaeda associates made claim to news agency . "We terminated the most precious American asset," associate says . DHS official says the claim has not been confirmed .
Nearly all the senators left the Capitol for the Christmas holiday last week, but Democrats are keeping the Senate in session to block President Bush from making any recess appointments -- a constitutional mechanism that allows the president, during congressional recesses, to fill top government posts for up to one year without Senate confirmation. Talks had just broken down with the White House on a deal that would have allowed the president to make dozens of those appointments if he agreed not to appoint one controversial official, Steven Bradbury, as the permanent head of the influential Office of Legal Counsel at the Justice Department. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts, Byron Dorgan of North Dakota, Jack Reed of Rhode Island, Mary Landrieu of Louisiana, Ben Cardin of Maryland and Chuck Schumer of New York -- will share the duty
Democratic senators will hold short "pro forma" sessions over the holiday break . Sessions usually under one minute long . Move prevents President Bush from making recess appointments . Bush refused to withdraw one controversial nominee after Democratic offer .
"By passing a growth package quickly, we can provide a shot in the arm to keep a fundamentally strong economy healthy, and it will help keep economic sectors that are going through adjustments, such as the housing market, from adversely affecting other parts of our economy. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-California, expressed agreement with Bush on "the need to provide assistance immediately," saying in a statement that "we must invest our resources in such a way that injects confidence and consumer demand, promotes economic growth and creates jobs. " Bush's remarks came a day after talks on the subject with Democratic and Republican lawmakers, and following Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke's call for a fiscal stimulus package to help an economy beset by plummeting stock prices and a credit and mortgage crunch
NEW: Democratic leadership aides say bill must help low-, middle-income earners . President calls for broad-based tax relief for consumers, businesses . Bush says he's encouraged by talks with Congress, hopeful of agreement . Bush says his tax cuts due to expire in 2010 should be made permanent .
LONDON, England (CNN) -- More than 150 people have abandoned a sinking cruise liner that collided with an iceberg in Antarctic waters, a Chilean navy captain told CNN. "The great majority of people, including all the passengers, have been safely taken off the Explorer and are now being recovered by the first of the vessels to arrive on scene in response to the distress call," Dave Jardine-Smith, head of the Maritime and Coastguard Agency's (MCA) search and rescue team in England said. Matt Alex from the US Coast Guard Atlantic Area command center said the boat is owned by Gap Adventures, based in Toronto, Canada
150 passengers evacuated from a ship after it struck object in Antarctic waters . Ship, named Explorer, was expected to sink, British coastguards said . Passengers in lifeboats, captain and first officer remain on board .
TAMPA, Florida (CNN) -- After witnessing the rapid devastation of a Cayman Island coral reef where he had been diving since childhood, Todd Barber was moved from horror to action. If we lost one and it took that tens of thousands of years to get here, how fast is this happening?" Barber had caught a small glimpse of a larger global issue -- the destruction of the world's coral reefs -- and it scared him. Today, the non-profit organization works with environmental agencies, universities, community groups and corporations and empowers others to build and restore their local marine ecosystems
Most coral reefs are in danger, according to estimates from the Nature Conservancy . The group says 500 million people rely on coral reefs for food . Reef Balls are concrete spheres upon which a natural reef can grow . The objects also help control beach erosion and stabilize shorelines .
But also I think there is still -- I don't like to call it a glass ceiling, but I think there is still an unseen barrier for women, which is that, if you ask most business people, would they like to promote more women, they would all say yes, they'd love to: "Where are these women, I want to promote them," will be the answer. Benjamin: And what advice would you give to women who want to try and make it to the top? Gooding: Well, first of all, to learn as much as you can and to make sure you've got the right experience, the right qualifications, and to enjoy each job for its own interest and job satisfaction. But I think another piece of advice I would give to women is not to be afraid to put themselves forward and say what it is they want, because I think one thing that happens with women, which perhaps is a gender difference, is that women often hang back and think "I will be noticed for my results, everybody will see how great I am because I've delivered these exceptional outcomes"
Valerie Gooding, CEO of BUPA, speaks to CNN's Todd Benjamin . BUPA has over 8 million customers in 190 countries . Valerie is one of FT's top five most powerful businesswomen in Europe .
LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN) -- A fire charred the top of two of three wings of the Monte Carlo Resort and Casino on Friday, causing no major injuries but forcing visitors and employees to evacuate, authorities said. Black smoke and flames poured from the fire, which roared through the building's exterior stucco and foam until firefighters were able to get on the roof and knock down the flames. Air Force HH-60 Pave Hawk helicopters with rescue crews were put on standby at Nellis Air Force Base during the afternoon to assist in any rescue efforts, but were not needed, a Nellis spokeswoman said
Fire doused on the top floors and roof of Monte Carlo resort . Fire chief: Firefighters had to hang out the windows to try to cut the fire off . The 32-floor building was completely evacuated . No major injuries have been reported, and no one was trapped .
PELLA, Iowa (CNN) -- A senior aide to Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee admitted Friday that the former Arkansas governor had "no foreign policy credentials" after his comments reacting to the assassination of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto raised questions. As the campaigns enter the final stretch before the Iowa caucuses on January 3, Romney has gone on the attack against Huckabee, particularly focusing on his record on illegal immigration issues while he was Arkansas governor. "But the most urgent thing to do is to offer our sincere sympathies and concerns to the family and to the people of Pakistan, and that's the first thing we would be doing other than, again, trying to ascertain who's behind it, and what impact does it have on whether or not there's going to be martial law continued in Pakistan, suspension of the constitution," Huckabee said
NEW: Aide admits that Huckabee has "no foreign policy credentials" NEW: Campaign official suggested tying Pakistan crisis to immigration issue . Huckabee appeared not to know that martial law had been lifted in Pakistan . Gaffes will have little effect on support for populist candidate, analyst says .
"Whatever your position in that debate, one unmistakable legacy of Vietnam is that the price of America's withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens, whose agonies would add to our vocabulary new terms like 'boat people,' 're-education camps' and 'killing fields,' " the president said. The White House billed the speech, as it did next week's address to the American Legion, as an effort to "provide broader context" for the debate over the upcoming Iraq progress report by Gen. Carl Levin, the Michigan Democrat who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee, who called on Iraq's parliament to turn al-Maliki's "nonfunctioning" government out of office when it returns in two weeks
NEW: Kennedy: Bush drawing wrong lesson from history . President says withdrawing from Iraq will embolden terrorists . Speech is latest White House attempt to try to reframe the debate over Iraq .
Already this year, they have been involved in a number of high-profile searches: Gary Michael Hilton, the suspect charged in the killing of Meredith Emerson who disappeared while hiking in northern Georgia; a fugitive Marine wanted in connection with the killing of Lance Cpl. " O'Donnell says it takes highly trained, high energy, "really special people" to do such work day in and day out, especially when they're up against "some of the most dangerous individuals in the country. " To make sure they are well prepared, the Atlanta office is equipped with a locker full of high-powered weaponry; a high-tech operations center, complete with flat screen TVs, where they communicate directly with investigators in the field; a two-story house for training; and a 300-degree computer simulator that puts the Marshals into real life danger scenarios
U.S. Marshals Southeast task force tracks 10-15 suspected killers a day . Some are high-profile cases, but most are searches that go under media radar . Commander: "Our mandate is to track ... murderers, armed robbers, rapists" Office captured 3,000 suspects last year; only once were shots fired, chief says .
What to do: Shop at OG2 the new shop from of-the-moment designer Duro Olowu, whose vintage prints draw clients like Sienna Miller; visit Eco, a Green store opened by Colin Firth in Chiswick; or head to the Fashion and Textile Museum, spearheaded by designer Zandra Rhodes. Why it's great : Located on the super-hot Riviera Maya, which has drawn the likes of Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes, Rosewood Mayakoba has 128 suites, which are actually freestanding villas with luminous bathrooms and private plunge pools. What to do: Visit the Mayan ruins of Tulum; have dinner in the beach town of Playa del Carmen (try the hip Glass Bar/ Di Vino); snorkel in underwater caves (cenotes); or book a treatment at the Rosewood's spa, which occupies its own little island
You can enjoy the same posh places as the stars . Ojai Valley Inn & Spa in California is great for weekend getaway . Learn to samba at Fasano in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil . Shop your heart out in Villa Mangiacane in Tuscany, Italy .
" She was arrested last September after police raided a house that she rented in the capital city of Hanoi and found dead tigers, bear arms, monkey bones and elephant tusks. Such medicine men think tiger bones and other parts can cure arthritis and other joint ailments, according to the Humane Society of the United States. Last year, the Vietnamese government unearthed 38 cases of illegal trafficking that involved 503 endangered animals, local media said at the time
Vietnamese woman caught cooking a tiger carcass jailed for two and a half years . Nguyen Thi Thanh, 41, convicted for violating regulations protecting rare wild animals . Police found dead tigers, bear arms, monkey bones and elephant tusks in her flat .
Famous for his roles in the films, "The Patriot" and "Lords of Dogtown," Ledger was widely acclaimed for his portrayal of the homosexual cowboy Ennis del Mar in 2005's "Brokeback Mountain. He was sensitive and unfairly victimized in his native country by the unfortunate Australian custom called the "tall poppy syndrome" in which an Australian, the second he or she achieves global success, is immediately and arbitrarily accused of losing all of their humanity. Heath and I were both the youngest on our crews so that meant our job was to take the fiberglass bonnets over to the hoses and wash the mud off after each race really dirty work but he managed to stay cleaner than the rest of us
I-Reporters share tales of meeting Heath Ledger in person . "He was really good with tools," says Don Bova; Ledger helped him change a tire . I-Report: Share your photos, memories of actor Heath Ledger .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The head of Blackwater USA on Sunday rejected a mounting series of reports suggesting the private contractor's security guards opened fire on innocent Iraqi civilians last month. But Prince on Sunday told CNN, "In the incident reports I've seen, at least three of our armored vehicles were hit by small arms fire, incoming, and one of them damaged, which actually delayed their departure from the traffic circle while they tried to rig a tow. "In Baghdad, the most dangerous city in the world, to say that it was a callous, rampant, evil action, you know, when the guys get it right 99 out of 100 times and don't have to use any force or any violence at all, I think they are doing very well," he said
Erik Prince: "There was definitely incoming small arms fire from insurgents" There was "no deliberate violence," he said, during September 16 shooting . Iraqi government says Blackwater guards killed 17, fired without provocation . AP: Blackwater may be expelled from Iraq within six months .
Victor Okumu, 51, a Kenyan doctor; Damien Lehalle, 27, a French logistician; and a Somali driver named Billan were the MSF workers who were killed. The remote-controlled mine erupted as he was walking to a news conference in Siyad Village in northern Kismayu, said the National Union of Somali Journalists (NUSOJ). "This is a targeted attack and we declare that this brutal killing on the journalist and the aid workers is an attack on the society itself," said NUSOJ Secretary General Omar Faruk Osman, in a news release
Journalist and two doctors were among those killed . Remote-controlled mine went off in southern Somalia . Somali driver also died in the attack . Journalist is the second to die in conflict situation this year .
LONDON, England -- Cocaine-abusing celebrities are glamorizing the use of narcotics and encouraging more young people to use illegal substances, the United Nations drug control agency has warned. The annual report from the International Narcotics Control Board warns that treating stars "leniently" by allowing them to get away with drug crimes undermines faith in the criminal justice system and has a damaging effect on adolescents. Singer Pete Doherty, the former boyfriend of Moss, also has had a well-publicized drug abuse problem but has so far managed to avoid jail time
U.N. says celebrity drug use encourages adolescent substance abuse . Report says leniency towards celebrities hurts criminal justice system . Report finds Britain, Italy, Spain have among highest rates of cocaine use .
(CNN) -- A Colorado prosecutor Friday asked a judge to dismiss the first-degree murder charge against Tim Masters, who spent nine years in prison until new DNA evidence indicated someone else might have committed the crime. "While the newly discovered DNA evidence does not exonerate Timothy Masters, it clearly warrants a complete re-examination of all the evidence related to the murder of Peggy Hettrick," the court papers state. He said he wanted to examine the legal discovery process and that he had met with the Fort Collins police chief and his officers "to discuss the critical flow of information with assurance that all information is available to our office and the defense
NEW: D.A. seeks dismissal of Tim Masters murder case . Masters was released Tuesday; conviction was tossed . Masters convicted in 1999 of murder, sexual mutilation of 37-year-old woman . He spent nearly nine years in prison .
(CNN) -- The announced pregnancy of Jamie Lynn Spears -- the 16-year-old children's television star and younger sister of beleaguered pop star Britney Spears -- is casting new light on how states deal with the thorny issue of consensual sex among teens. The issue drew international attention when a Georgia teen was sentenced to 10 years in prison for having consensual oral sex with a 15-year-old girl when he was 17. " Spears, who turned 16 on April 4 and says she is 12 weeks into her pregnancy, told the magazine she plans to raise her child in Louisiana, "so it can have a normal family life
Experts say there is a disparity in how statutory rape laws are applied . Jamie Lynn Spears is 16, and her boyfriend -- the father of her child -- is 18 . There has been no talk of criminal prosecution involving the couple . Experts: Attorneys choose when to prosecute, leading to unfairness .
NEW DELHI, India -- Police covered up the murder of a British teenage girl in Goa last month to protect the tourist industry, a state minister and local media said Monday. Officers had initially said Scarlett Keeling had drowned on Anjuna beach after taking drugs, but changed their story when the 15-year-old's mother protested and a second autopsy suggested she had been raped and murdered. Keeling's mother said she also believed police were trying to cover up the truth behind her daughter's murder, and that they had arrested Samson D'Souza, 29, to make it look like they were making progress in the case
Indian police covered up murder of UK girl in Goa, state's tourism minister said . Police arrest one man over the death of the 15-year-old . Mother of Scarlett Keeling says she thinks police have arrested wrong man .
Victor Okumu, 51, a Kenyan doctor; Damien Lehalle, 27, a French logistician; and a Somali driver named Billan were the MSF workers who were killed. The remote-controlled mine erupted as he was walking to a news conference in Siyad Village in northern Kismayu, said the National Union of Somali Journalists (NUSOJ). "This is a targeted attack and we declare that this brutal killing on the journalist and the aid workers is an attack on the society itself," said NUSOJ Secretary General Omar Faruk Osman, in a news release
Journalist and two doctors were among those killed . Remote-controlled mine went off in southern Somalia . Somali driver also died in the attack . Journalist is the second to die in conflict situation this year .
(CNN) -- A bus carrying members of a Marine Corps Reserve unit overturned at an Alabama military base Sunday, leaving 23 Marines injured, four of them critically, the military said in a news release. A bus overturned Sunday in Alabama, injuring 23 Marines, the military said. The passengers, members of E Company, Anti-Terrorism Battalion, 4th Marine Division, had been taking part in a training exercise at Fort Rucker, an Army post outside Ozark, Alabama
Bus carrying Marine Corps Reserve unit overturned at Alabama military base . 23 Marines have been injured; four critically, the military says . E Company, Anti-Terrorism Battalion, 4th Marine Division, was involved . The accident happened Sunday morning, officials said .
(CNN) -- Despite the obvious claims of younger rivals Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi, few can really argue with the 96 football journalists who voted Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite as the 2007 World Footballer of the Year. When AC Milan defeated Liverpool in the Champions League final in Athens, avenging their heartbreaking loss to the same team in Istanbul two years previously, it enabled Kaka to fulfill his dream of holding aloft Europe's premier trophy -- a winner's medal he fully deserved after a sublime 90-minute performance. Kaka's progress was soon picked up by his national team coach and Felipe Scolari named the graceful midfielder in his 23-man squad for the 2002 World Cup finals, earning him a winners' medal despite playing only 19 minutes of the tournament in a group match against Costa Rica
Kaka deservedly named World Player of the Year for the first time in his career . The Brazilian beats Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in the journalists' vote . The 25-year-old averages one goal in three games for both AC Milan and Brazil .
JACKSONVILLE, North Carolina (CNN) -- Christina Laurean has told authorities she was attending a Christmas party on the night her husband allegedly killed pregnant Marine Lance Cpl. Christina Laurean told police she was at a Christmas party for her husband's Marine unit during the late afternoon and evening of December 15, Onslow County Sheriff Ed Brown told CNN. DNA testing is being conducted to see if Lauterbach's unborn baby was fathered by Cesar Laurean, Brown said, adding there was no rush on the part of detectives to get those results
NEW: Woman says husband didn't show up at a party on suspected date of killing . NEW: DNA testing under way to see if Cesar Laurean fathered the victim's child . Accused Marine and his wife spoke to lawyer after pregnant Marine slain . Marine fled the next day, is believed to have headed to native Mexico .
A central passage in a speech Obama gave Saturday -- aimed at convincing voters that his campaign is not just about lofty rhetoric -- is adapted from one that Patrick used in his 2006 campaign, the Obama campaign said when asked about it. The Obama campaign also confirmed comments chief strategist David Axelrod -- an adviser on Obama's Senate campaign and Patrick's gubernatorial run -- made to the New York Times about the speeches. ' Just words, just speeches!" In 2006, Patrick, fending off attacks from his rival Kerry Healey, told a crowd, "Her dismissive point, and I hear it a lot from her staff, is all I have to offer is words
Phrase in Obama speech similar to that of Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick . Clinton: "If your whole candidacy is about words, then they should be your own" Obama downplays significance, says: "Clinton has used words of mine as well"
The wounded children -- a 7-year-old boy, a 10-month-old girl and a 4-year-old whose gender wasn't immediately known -- were transported to Le Bonheur Children's Medical Center. The newspaper reported that the shooting appeared to be the city's deadliest mass killing since 1973, when 28-year-old David Sanders randomly shot and killed five people before being shot dead by police. In 2000, police said firefighter Frederick Williams confessed to a shooting in Memphis in which four people were killed -- his wife, a sheriff's deputy and two fellow firefighters
NEW: Police believe killer or killers left the Memphis house where 6 people slain . Neighbor says he heard shots Saturday night, didn't call police . Police: Four adults, two kids killed; 3 other children wounded . 7-year-old, 4-year-old, and 10-month-old hospitalized .
MIAMI, Florida (CNN) -- Four men have been arrested in connection with the shooting death of NFL player Sean Taylor, authorities announced Friday evening. Police said Garcia and Taylor were awakened by noise in the living room, and that Taylor got up and locked the bedroom door, but the door was kicked in and two shots were fired, one striking him in the leg. Dubbing him "the prototype NFL free safety," the Redskins credited Taylor's team-leading tackling prowess for sending him to his first Pro Bowl after 2006
NEW: Police say they have more than one confession in the case . NEW: Investigation reveals the men thought the house was empty, police say . Washington Redskins safety Sean Taylor died Tuesday . Taylor shot during an apparent burglary at his Miami home .
COLOMBO, Sri Lanka (Reuters) -- Humble woodcutter Mohammed Sultan Nafeek's teenage daughter moved to Saudi Arabia to work as a housemaid to support her family after they were displaced by the 2004 tsunami. "Our family was suffering hardship, and so our daughter volunteered to go and work abroad to send money home," Nafeek told Reuters by telephone from his modest home in Mutur in Sri Lanka's war-torn northeast. Nafeek visited Saudi Arabia with Sri Lanka's deputy foreign minister this month in a bid to secure clemency and met with relations of the dead child's parents but came away empty handed
Girl convicted of killing baby in her care in Saudi Arabia when she was 17 . Nafeek says the child died accidentally, choking on milk . Girl's family displaced by December 2004 tsunami, renewed civil war in Sri Lanka .
Jeff Wise of Atlanta, Georgia Why not give him a chance to play again? Seriously how many chances has the NFL given to Ricky Williams? Smoking pot is against the law, but he's been given a number of chances, and STILL isn't banned from the NFL! Jeremy Montgomery of Mount Laurel, New Jersey I think that Vick should not be allowed to step on the field again and any endorsement deals revoked. A suspension is in order and I think a year would be fair, but a prison term and suspension would put him out of football for up to three years, and who knows what kind of QB he will be after this ordeal and so long an absence? Jennifer Runyan of Fayetteville, North Carolina I think the whole Michael Vick case is disgusting. You violate some people or beings; you apologize, let the air clear and go on with business as usual! John Brandon of Old Hickory, Tennessee To make a long story short -- my family will never watch a game with Michael Vick in attendance
Michael Vick to take plea deal on dogfighting charges . NFL expected to announce how the case will affect his career . CNN.com readers shared their thoughts on Vick's future, send your I-Report .
'' What was it in your character that you think made him make that observation? Branson: Well I suspect the fact that at age 13 I'm writing him letters on how he could organize the catering better and how the school could save money, and if they save money they could then put it into better facilities for the students. And I managed to persuade him to give me a study to start my magazine and it was only when he actually finally came to me and said "Look, you're either going to have to do your school work or your magazine," that I said "Well, goodbye. " Benjamin: In your autobiography you write about being four-years-old and your mother stops the car and makes you get out and what does she make you do? Branson: We were on the way to my grandmother's house in Devon, and I think about three miles before we got there she made me get out and told me to find my own way to my grandmother's house
Richard Branson, founder of Virgin, talks to CNN's Todd Benjamin . Branson left school at 16 to work on a magazine he had set up . He is now responsible for over 300 businesses under the Virgin brand .
In a country renowned for its fondness for romance, smoking has never quite shaken off its romantic associations with smoky Left Bank cafes and waifish Parisienne beauties clutching on a Gauloises. 5 million people smoke out of a population of 60 million with around 26 percent of 15 year olds estimated to smoke, according to 2002 figures from the World Health Organization. After that time, any smoker caught will face a fine of €450 ($662), while hotel and bar owners who fail to prevent smokers from lighting up on their premises will be fined €750 ($1,100)
Smoking ban in France extended to bars, clubs, restaurants, cafes from Jan 1 . Smoking ban first introduced in February 2007 for public buildings, workplaces . About 13.5 million people in France smoke out of a population of 60 million . Similar bans now exist in Ireland, Italy, Spain, Belgium and Britain .
(CNN) -- The toddler whose body washed ashore in Texas last month has been tentatively identified as a 2-year-old girl, and her mother and a man identified as her boyfriend were arrested Saturday, the Galveston County Sheriff's office said Sunday. " Investigators believe the child they dubbed "Baby Grace" is actually 2-year-old Riley Ann Sawyers, the Galveston County Sheriff's office said Sunday. The child's mother, Kimberly Dawn Trenor, 19, and a man identified as Royce Clyde Zeigler II, 24, were arrested Saturday on charges of injuring a child and tampering with physical evidence, the sheriff's department said
Woman, boyfriend arrested after a tip led to search . Police believe child found dead in box is Riley Ann Sawyers, 2 . Body of little girl was found in box that washed ashore last month . Police asked public for help identifying girl they dubbed "Baby Grace"
MIAMI, Florida (CNN) -- Four suspects indicted on murder and burglary charges in the slaying of Washington Redskins star Sean Taylor begin their journey through the courts on Wednesday. Rivera has been indicted as an adult and Judge John Thornton found probable cause to support charges of first degree felony murder and burglary with assault or battery with a firearm. They were ordered held without bail at the Pre-Trial Detention Center in Miami, Florida, where Corrections Officer Janelle Hall said they are under suicide watch
NEW: 17-year-old alleged shooter appears in Miami courtroom . NEW: Eric Rivera Jr. will be tried as an adult . Three adult suspects in Sean Taylor slaying on suicide watch . Taylor died after being shot in home invasion last week .
Eight players lost their lives on February 6, 1958, when Flight 609 ZU crashed on the third attempt to take off after re-fuelling in Germany as United returned from knocking Red Star Belgrade out of the European Cup. The United players killed at Munich were Geoff Bent, aged 25, Roger Byrne(28), Eddie Colman (21), Mark Jones (24), David Pegg (22), Tommy Taylor (26), Liam Whelan (22) and 21-year-old Duncan Edwards who died in hospital 15 days after the crash. They and the other 15 people who lost their lives will be remembered with a commemorative service at Old Trafford while a short ceremony, organised by supporters, will also take place at the memorial site in Kirchtrudering, on the outskirts of Munich
Football pays tribute on the 50th anniversary of the Munich air disaster . Eight Manchester United players died when plane crashed on take-off . A total of 23 people were killed as Utd returned from cup tie in Belgrade .
(CNN) -- The presidents of Sudan and Chad signed a non-aggression agreement late Thursday, aiming to halt cross-border hostilities between the two African nations. Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade facilitated the talks, and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon met with officials from both nations and witnessed the signing of the agreement at about 10 p. "The idea is to get the governments of Sudan and Chad to normalize their relations with each other and to halt any action that would allow for the cross-border movement of rebel factions or armed factions of either side that could hurt the other country," said United Nations spokesman Farhan Haq
Sudan, Chad presidents sign agreement aiming to halt cross-border hostilities . Signing came after nearly two days of talks between presidents of Sudan and Chad . Each accuses other of supporting rebels that attempt to destabilize the government . Just hours before agreement, Chad claimed rebels from Sudan had crossed border .
The Idaho Republican wants the Minnesota Court of Appeals to overturn a judge's decision refusing to let him withdraw a guilty plea to misdemeanor charges stemming from his arrest in June. In an interview taped Sunday with NBC's Matt Lauer, Craig complained that GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney "threw me under the campaign bus" when news of his arrest came out. Romney, former governor of Massachusetts, called Craig's behavior "disgraceful" and urged the senator to resign when news of the arrest broke in August
Sen. Larry Craig files appeal to get guilty plea in sex sting withdrawn . Craig criticizes Mitt Romney for quickly calling for his resignation . The Idaho Republican was GOP presidential candidate's liaison to the Senate . Craig stepped down from Romney campaign when news of his arrest broke .
The British monarch, who also opened Heathrow's first passenger terminal in 1955, was present under strict security a day after a man carrying a backpack was arrested for running onto a runway at the airport. Visit London chief executive James Bidwell said: "T5 will provide visitors to London and the UK with a spectacular first impression and alleviate the pressure experienced at Heathrow, the world's busiest airport. "The terminal's smoother check-in process and state-of-the-art baggage management system will certainly better the tourist experience and should help improve the airport's international reputation
Queen Elizabeth opens Heathrow Airport's $8.6 billion new Terminal 5 . The new building took more than 15 years to complete following protests . Launch a day after security scare at one of world's busiest international airports . A lone man ran onto a Heathrow runway carrying a backpack on Thursday .
In the background of the call, played at a news conference Tuesday, 18-year-old Khiel Coppin can be heard saying, "I've got a gun, I've got a gun," New York Police Department Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne told CNN. The teen put an object under his shirt and told his mother around the time she phoned 9-1-1 that he was going to say he had a gun, said New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly. A reporter asked Kelly if it's possible the young man was goading police to shoot him, a phenomenon known commonly in law enforcement circles as suicide-by-cop
Official: Unarmed teen hid object under shirt, shouted, "Kill me." New York Police Commissioner: Police feared being fired upon . Police confirm Khiel Coppin, 18, was carrying hairbrush under shirt . Police say he ignored orders to halt; cops fired 20 shots, killing the teen .
" The Amazon rainforest, which encompasses an area nearly as large as the continental United States and stretches across nine countries, is considered the world's richest and most varied natural habitat, with several million species of insects, plants, birds and fish calling it home. The Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United Nations estimates that 50,000 square miles of forest -- more than three times the size of Switzerland -- are lost each year because of clearing and degradation. " With large-scale agriculture all but gone from New England and logging companies concentrating their attention elsewhere, Kellett's biggest fear is that real estate development could begin to carve up the vast forests of Maine
UN: More than 50,000 square miles of forest lost each year . Most trees cut down for international sale . Some forests making comeback in U.S., Europe .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The United States imposed stiff sanctions against Iran on Thursday, targeting two Iranian military groups and a number of Iranian banks and people it accuses of backing nuclear proliferation and terror-related activities. Rice accused Iran of "pursuing nuclear technologies that can lead to a nuclear weapon; building dangerous ballistic missiles; supporting Shia militants in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon and the Palestinian territories; and denying the existence of a fellow member of the United Nations, threatening to wipe Israel off the map. " Last month, representatives of world powers announced that unless a November report shows a "positive outcome" of talks with Iran about its uranium enrichment program, they will move ahead with plans for a resolution imposing additional sanctions on the country
U.S. puts sanctions on Iran's Revolutionary Guard, banks, individuals . Revolutionary Guard accused of supporting nuclear proliferation . Guard's Quds force said by U.S. to support terrorism . Sanctions mean financial assets of Revolutionary Guard, others, are frozen .
(CNN) -- Not only is Sheikha Lubna Al Qasimi the first woman to hold a ministerial post in the United Arab Emirates, the first female minister of economy in the Gulf, and the first to start a Middle Eastern BB marketplace, but she's also the first minister - anywhere in the world - to launch her own perfume line. Member of Sharjah royal family and one of Forbes' 100 most powerful women, Sheikha Lubna took the post of minister for economy and planning of United Arab Emirates in 2004. Her background is in IT and before the government appointment worked at the Dubai Ports Authority where she gained the "Distinguished Government Employee Award" in 1999 for developing a documentation system that reduced cargo turnaround from one hour to ten minutes
Sheikha Lubna was first female minister in the United Arab Emirates . Openness to foreign ownership is the "natural path", she says . If countries "lock up" interest due to protectionism there are other places to go .
Court papers state he also paid for train tickets, cab fare, mini-bar and room service charges for Kristen -- a 5-foot-5, 105-pound brunette he arranged to meet the night of February 13. Legal experts not involved in the case have said Spitzer could face some type of money-laundering charge, such as structuring a financial transaction to evade federal bank reporting requirements by breaking up a large transaction into smaller ones. "Because if the money was withdrawn, it appears if his lawyers are correct, in a manner that he didn't conceal anything, it begs the question whether or not they can prove the reckless intent that he withdrew this money in small sums to avoid the reporting requirement
"Kristen" identified as aspiring singer Ashley Youmans, 22 . Spitzer resigns Wednesday, two days after he is linked to call-girl ring . Bank notified Treasury Department about suspicious transfers of money . Spitzer could face charges of money laundering, legal experts say .
He had multiple bullet wounds and his eyes had been gouged out," one woman tells me, forcefully twisting a tissue in her hands as if it somehow could ease her agony and erase the chilling memory. How many times have we reported death tolls from one horrific bombing or another and not been able to get across that these are lives that literally were blown apart? No matter how hard we in the media try, Iraq remains a nation filled with untold tragedies, the scope of which so often is overwhelming. " The image of the man she loved, tall and proud, is of a doctor who moved his family back to Iraq after the fall of Saddam Hussein because he believed his country needed him
Iraqi woman perseveres because "all the people that I love have been crushed" CNN's Arwa Damon reveals stories of horror, tragedy among Iraq's women . Doctor says she wants all Iraqis to do their part: "I wish everybody would believe" One woman's husband was killed in 2007; his melted flesh is etched in her mind .
(CNN) -- Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi is "ready to cooperate" with the government and is committed to pursuing a dialogue with the ruling junta, according to a statement the United Nations' special envoy to Myanmar read Thursday on her behalf. Aung Kyi -- viewed as a moderate -- was appointed as the liaison officer amid international pressure following September's bloody crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrations. Video smuggled out of the country showed unarmed protesters being beaten by the military regime's security forces, and one man -- believed to be a Japanese journalist -- was shot and killed at close range
Aung San Suu Kyi says she's committed to pursuing a dialogue with the ruling junta . Suu Kyi meets with three executive members of her political party . Crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators set off international outrage . As many as 110 people were killed in the September violence .
The girl endured two days in the rugged mountains of Panama, in frigid temperatures and heavy rain, before rescuers stumbled upon her in the wreckage on Christmas Day. Klein, a 37-year-old hedge fund manager, was vacationing with the two girls when they took the flight Sunday to photograph a volcano in Chiriqui province, about 285 miles west of Panama City. Authorities and hundreds of volunteers spent the last two days searching the dense jungles and mountainous terrain, but heavy rain in the area had hampered recovery efforts
NEW: Girl, 13, was disoriented when found under wing, mother says . NEW: Lack of major injuries "seems incredible," mother says . NEW: Rescuers carried girl 3.5 hours over mountains in heavy rain . Girl was only survivor in Panama crash that killed three .
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Pakistan election officials on Monday disqualified opposition party leader and former former prime minister Nawaz Sharif from participating in January parliamentary elections. Sharif filed paperwork for his candidacy last week, although he had left open the possibility that he would boycott the election in protest of a state of emergency imposed by President Pervez Musharraf. Musharraf, who quit as military leader and took office for a third term last week, has pledged to lift the state of emergency by December 16
Former Pakistani PM Nawaz Sharif has his candidacy papers rejected . Had submitted nominations papers for Pakistan's parliamentary election . Returning officer in Lahore upheld ineligibility objections from other candidates .
PARIS, France -- AC Milan's Brazilian midfielder Kaka has been named European player of the year, lifting France Football's Ballon d'Or award. The runner-up was Manchester United's Portuguese winger Cristiano Ronaldo with Barcelona's Argentinian midfielder Lionel Messi finishing third. He was part of Brazil's 2002 World Cup winning squad, although he was limited to just 19 minutes as a substitute against Costa Rica
Brazilian Kaka is named European player of the year . The AC Milan player is chosen ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo of Manchester Utd . Argentine Lionel Messi of Barcelona finishes third .
BRUSSELS, Belgium (CNN) -- European leaders agreed Friday to send an 1,800-strong security force to maintain stability in Kosovo, although they stopped short of backing independence for the province. Speaking at the end of a one-day summit of European heads in Brussels, Jose Socrates, the Portuguese prime minister currently holding the European Union presidency, said that sending the security mission was a "political decision. Although most EU leaders support Serbia becoming a member state to boost stability in the Balkans, French President Nicholas Sarkozy said that Serbia's membership is dependent on it recognizing Kosovo's independence and handing over war criminals
European leaders agree to send 1,800-strong security force to Kosovo . Kosovo expected to declare independence from Serbia in new year . Serbia insists region should remain autonomous within its borders .
"There are more than a thousand, 1,200 houses, at least, that were totally flattened, and others in bad shape," Tocopilla Mayor Luis Moyano said in an interview that aired on Radio Cooperativo. Municipal official Ljubica Ukurtovic, in an interview with Chilean TV station TVN, said that "approximately 100 people" had sought treatment at a Tocopilla hospital. Repair work on the 793-meter (2,600-foot) Pedro Galleguillos tunnel, completed in 1994, began on October 1 and was to be finished early next year
NEW: Tocopilla mayor: More than 1,200 homes flattened, shelters damaged . Dozens of workers freed from collapsed roadway tunnel, officials say . Chilean Navy is moving heavy equipment into the area to help with rescue . 7.7 quake north of Tocopilla happened at 12:40 p.m. (10:40 a.m. ET)
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- No charges will be brought against a 10-year-old boy accused of accidentally starting an October wildfire that scorched more than 38,000 acres north of Los Angeles, California, prosecutors announced Tuesday. "There is no evidence of intent on the part of the minor," the Los Angeles County district attorney's office said in a written statement issued Tuesday afternoon. It was one of nearly two dozen wind-whipped wildfires that swept across southern California in late October, forcing hundreds of thousands of people from homes near Los Angeles, San Diego and San Bernardino and leaving 14 people dead
There is no evidence that the boy intended to set the fire, prosecutors say . He had faced possible charges in juvenile court after admitting to setting blaze . The boy was playing with matches; the blaze destroyed 21 homes . The Buckweed fire started October 21 north of Los Angeles .
JACKSONVILLE, North Carolina (CNN) -- Police believe they have found the remains of a missing Marine buried in the backyard of the prime suspect in the case and blood spatter evidence inside his home, authorities said Friday evening. "It doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand if there's a cavity out back and blood on the inside, that's probably going to be a key location for where this crime may have taken place," Brown said. "The information developed over the last 24 hours leads us to believe that she still had some kind of contact" with him, said Paul Ciccarelli, agent in charge of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service at Camp Lejeune
NEW: Tests find "trace of violent activity in the house," sheriff says . NEW: Investigators: Suspect left a note saying Marine had committed suicide . NEW: Source: Witness who came forward Friday is suspect's wife . Official: We think we have found Lauterbach's skeletal remains .
The GAO said its investigators also tested the devices that could be built with the components they smuggled and discovered that "a terrorist using these devices could cause severe damage to an airplane and threaten the safety of passengers. " The GAO investigators devised two types of devices: an "improvised explosive device" made of a liquid explosive and a low-yield detonator, and an "improvised incendiary device" that could be created by combining commonly available products prohibited in carry-on luggage. " In testimony to be provided to the same congressional committee, TSA chief Kip Hawley defends the administration's policies and procedures, saying that the screening checkpoints are but one of a "multilayered approach to security
GAO: Investigators took advantage of "weaknesses in TSA procedures" GAO: Those "weaknesses" were not detailed for security reasons . GAO said terrorists using same items could seriously compromise a flight . Transportation Security Administration: Checkpoints only part of total security .
Businesses have been destroyed and looted and supply routes disrupted after the opposition accused incumbent president Mwai Kibaki of election fraud after he was declared winner Sunday. The equity market on the Nairobi Stock Exchange lost 40 billion Kenyan Shillings ($591 million) in value on its first day of New Year trading Wednesday, the Kenyan financial newspaper Business Daily Africa reported. However, fears that the tourist industry could take a heavy hit from the unrest grew with the British Federation of Tour Operators announcing Thursday it was suspending all holidays to the country departing up to and including this Saturday
Kenya's once-stable economy faltering due to violence following disputed election . Equity market on Nairobi Stock Exchange lost $591 million on first day of 2008 . Business leaders say the government losing $29.5 million a day in revenues . Thriving tourist industry also hit, with British tour operators calling off flights .
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Fantasy author Terry Pratchett has admitted that he has been diagnosed with a rare form of Alzheimer's disease -- but says he plans to continue writing his multi-million selling Discworld books. Pratchett, 59 -- whose books have, according to his Web site, sold more than 45 million copies worldwide in 33 languages -- suffered what he called a "phantom stroke" earlier this year. " "I would have liked to keep this one quiet for a little while, but because of upcoming conventions and of course the need to keep my publishers informed, it seems to me unfair to withhold the news," says Pratchett, who has a strong following among fans of fantasy fiction
Multi-million selling writer has "a very rare form of early onset Alzheimer's" Terry Pratchett says work continuing on books, plans to honor commitments . Discworld novels are set in a fantasy universe but satirize modern day life . Received the Order of the British Empire from the Prince of Wales in 1998 .
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Iraqi forces detained the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network believed to be funded by Saddam Hussein's eldest daughter, who is wanted by Iraqi authorities on terrorism charges, the U. The network, believed to be funded by Raghad Hussein, has been "linked to a series of attacks on coalition forces" using rocket-propelled grenades and roadside bombs, the military said. The Iraqi government has issued an arrest warrant for the 38-year-old daughter of the late Iraqi leader on charges of inciting terrorism and crimes against life and health
Iraqi forces detain the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network . Cell is believed to be funded by Saddam Hussein's eldest daughter, Raghad . Raghad, wanted in Iraq on terrorism charges, currently living in Jordan .
And as difficult as it is to try and keep up what I try to do on the road, like occasionally exercise and try to eat right -- it's tough when the easiest food is pizza -- I just believe so strongly in who we are as a nation. The New York senator is under pressure after some weekend surveys show opponent Barack Obama with a sudden almost double digit lead, with less than a day to go until the New Hampshire primary. At a New Hampshire campaign event, presidential rival John Edwards told reporters he was unaware of Clinton's emotional reaction and would not respond to it
Clinton begins talking about how others have criticized her, gets emotional . She was with mostly female voters in New Hampshire on a campaign stop . "It's not easy," she told them . The New York senator is trailing Sen. Barack Obama in polls .
(CNN) -- As the war in Iraq reaches its five-year anniversary this week, two of the world's leading humanitarian groups issued extensive reports Monday describing a crisis of huge proportions with little reason for hope. The International Committee of the Red Cross, in a report titled "Iraq: No Let-up in the Humanitarian Crisis," writes, "Despite limited improvements in security in some areas, armed violence is still having a disastrous impact. However, here too there continue to be serious human rights violations, including arrests for peaceful political dissent, torture, ill-treatment, the death penalty and the killing of women in so-called honor crimes
Amnesty International and The Red Cross released reports Monday . Amnesty report: "A climate of impunity has prevailed; the economy is in tatters" Amnesty says conditions for women have worsened with rise of religious groups . Vice President Dick Cheney describes war as success with challenges .
She is, herself, a co-producer of a new festival in Boca Raton, Florida, and architect of a highly publicized new joint venture for IMG with Gorfaine-Schwartz, the agency representing trumpeter-composer Chris Botti, cellist Yo-Yo Ma, singer-songwriter James Taylor and Hollywood film composer John Williams. " As if on cue, two world-class pianists, Polish-Hungarian Piotr Anderszewski and French-born Jean-Yves Thibaudet, are seated at the same table at a gala post-concert dinner held by Far Niente wine estate on a cloudless night in a circular arbor crowded with honeysuckle. French conductor Denève has Tatiana Copeland's dinner guests in stitches with his tale of how he proposed to his new wife on the glass floor high atop the Canada's National Tower in Toronto -- "My God, it was frightening!" "One has to lead," says Wissman, Cortona's Saturday opening already occupying his thoughts
Next in a growing series of arts festivals opens Saturday in Cortona, Italy . Napa Valley's Festival del Sole staged more than 50 events in nine days . Wineries engage in friendly rivalries, throwing lavish after-concert galas . International artists cite chances to meet each other, community among lures .
PARIS, France -- Goals from Juninho and Sidney Govou gave Lyon a 2-0 home win over Valenciennes and enabled the six-time champions to stay four points ahead at the top of the French league. Lyon, who are at home to German champions VfB Stuttgart in the Champions League group stage on Wednesday, have 31 points from 13 matches. Troubled Paris St Germain clinched a 2-1 victory at Racing Strasbourg thanks to a Rodrigo own goal and 20-year-old midfielder Loris Arnaud's effort after 19 minutes
Lyon beat Valenciennes 2-0 to stay four points clear on top of the French table . Nancy stay second by beating Bordeaux 1-0 . Third-placed Rennes flop to a 1-0 home defeat against struggling Monaco .
Pundits also were citing the role of former President Bill Clinton in helping his wife recover from what pre-primary polls were suggesting was a deficit of 9 percentage points to Obama in New Hampshire. After losing to Obama in last week's Iowa caucuses, it was unclear whether she could overcome what appeared to be Obama's ability to electrify American voters who had previously taken a sour and skeptical view of politicians and the political process. And on the eve of the New Hampshire primary, Bill Clinton criticized the media for not pressing Obama more fully on Iraq, and accused the Illinois senator of shifting his position to reflect changing attitudes about the war in Iraq
Sen. Barack Obama has electrified younger voters . Sen. Hillary Clinton has maintained favor with voters older than 40 . CNN has projected Sen. John Edwards will finish in third place .
"Noting reports of the use of force and of arrests and beatings, the secretary-general calls again on authorities to exercise utmost restraint toward the peaceful demonstrations taking place, as such action can only undermine the prospects for peace, prosperity and stability in Myanmar," Ban's statement said. "We will continue to support the efforts of humanitarian groups working to alleviate suffering in Burma (the country's traditional name) and urge the United Nations and all nations to use their diplomatic and economic leverage to help the Burmese people reclaim their freedom. Such demands include an apology from ministry authorities for the mistreatment of monks in central Myanmar, a reduction in the price of gasoline -- which originally sparked protests in late August -- and the release of protesters detained since demonstrations began, Aung said
U.N. to send special envoy to Myanmar amid reports of crackdown . World leaders condemn events in Myanmar, call on regime to desist from force . UK PM Brown underscores that any trampling on human rights not acceptable . Pres. Bush says Tuesday that the U.S. will increase sanctions .
Fans of the new service call their daily commutes more pleasant now that bus rides steer clear of too-close-for-comfort contact with men. "We're not just talking about sexual harassment, about rapes or about incidents of violence," said Ariadna Montiel, director of the Network of Passengers' Transportation for the Government of the Federal District. Last year, the government received seven complaints of sexual abuse aboard the city's buses, which provide 200 million rides each year, officials said
Passengers on female-only buses describe their commutes as more pleasant . Seven complaints of sexual abuse aboard Mexico City buses made last year . Single-sex service is available on four major lines in Mexican capital .
(CNN) -- Kuwait's leader dissolved parliament on Wednesday and called for early elections, after the Cabinet resigned this week following a power struggle with the government. The emir, Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Sabah, said he was forced to dissolve parliament to safeguard Kuwait's national unity, citing the fragile political situation in the region and his primary concern for internal security and stability. Kuwait's parliament, made up mostly of opposition politicians, has been locked in a feud with the government which it accuses of corruption and abuse of power
Kuwait's leader dissolves parliament and calls for early elections after conflict . Cabinet resigned earlier this week after a power struggle with the government . The emir said he was forced to act to safeguard Kuwait's national unity . New elections have been set for May 17 according to state-run news agency .
(CNN) -- Investigators have found the bodies of three small children and the father who allegedly abducted them from their home in Columbus, Georgia, two weeks ago, the FBI said Wednesday. "It is my sad duty to report that deceased bodies of these children and Eddie Harrington were located this afternoon," said FBI Special Agent Gerald Green. Before he left, Harrington sent a letter indicating his intent to kill his twin 23-month-old girls, Aliyah and Agana Battle, and his son, Cedric Harrington, 3, officials said
NEW: Children's mother says Eddie Harrington had threatened the kids before . Harrington was last seen in Columbus, Georgia, March 5 . Police say he was depressed, threatened to kill kids . He took twin girls, 23 months, and boy, 3, from their home .
Women have made up about 11 percent of the military force in Iraq and Afghanistan in the past six years, according to the Department of Defense; that's an estimated 180,000 women in the war zone. " 'Am I going to make it?' " Christensen says that she was sexually harassed by a superior while serving in Iraq and that the harassment added to the pressure created by just being in a war zone. In 2007, the Department of Veterans Affairs found that women are reporting signs of mental health issues when they return home at a higher rate than their male counterparts
Dept. of Veterans Affairs diagnosed 60,000 veterans with PTSD . Women have comprised 11 percent of military force in Iraq and Afghanistan . VA: 22 percent of women, 1 percent of men suffered sexual trauma in military . Expert says women afraid to report sexual harassment for fear of retribution .
According to the World Health Organization, more than 500,000 women worldwide die each year as a result of complications during pregnancy and childbirth, and nearly 7 million babies are either born dead or die within 28 days of their life. The birth kit typically includes a sterilized razor blade, a clean sheet, three towels for the baby, three fleece blankets, a string to tie around the umbilical cord, gloves for the person delivering the baby and soap for hand washing. This past February, accompanied by a team of doctors and translators, Samen spent three days embedded within Nayarit's Santa Theresa communities, using an instructional newborn doll for childbirth training sessions and discussing safe birthing techniques and procedures
Utah nurse practitioner helps fight high childbirth mortality rates in Tibet . One H.E.A.R.T. conducts birthing demonstrations, distributes birth kits . Group is working in Mexico this year; future plans include Nepal, Ecuador .
(CNN) -- Two graduate students were found shot to death Thursday night in an apartment a block off the Louisiana State University campus, officials said. A task force of LSU campus police and the Baton Rouge Police Department is investigating, university Chancellor Sean O'Keefe said. Although police have indicated they suspect the slayings occurred during a home invasion robbery, O'Keefe told reporters no motive has been determined
Pregnant woman reportedly found husband, other man dead in apartment . Slain students were international Ph.D. candidates . Apartment is on edge of university campus . In text-message alert, campus officials urge students to be careful .
(CNN) -- Danish authorities said Tuesday they have arrested three people who allegedly were plotting a "terror-related assassination" of a cartoonist whose drawing of the Prophet Mohammed sparked rage in the Muslim world two years ago. "Not wanting to take any undue risks [the intelligence service] has decided to intervene at a very early stage in order to interrupt the planning and the actual assassination," the statement by Jakob Scharf, the agency's director general, said. "Of course I fear for my life after the Danish Security and Intelligence Service informed me of the concrete plans of certain people to kill me," Westergaard said in a statement posted on the newspaper's Web site
Danish police say several arrested for plotting "terror-related assassination" Agency reports that suspects include two Tunisians and a Dane of Moroccan origin . Newspaper says the target was its cartoonist Kurt Westergaard . Prophet Mohammed drawings sparked protests in the Muslim world two years ago .
Robert Painter, a travel writer from Albuquerque, New Mexico, journeyed last year to Argentina for dental surgeries -- and tango lessons: "If I'm going to be stuck somewhere for two weeks at a time, twice, Buenos Aires has got to be the best possible place," he says. More casual attitudes toward plastic surgery -- spurred by lunch-break Botox treatments and same-day liposuctions, paired with temptingly cheap alternatives and vacation packages -- increase the risk of bad outcomes. standards that are competing for patients from the United States and other countries," says Jeff Schult, author of "Beauty from Afar: A Medical Tourist's Guide to Affordable and Quality Cosmetic Care Outside the U
Tummy tuck tourism is on the rise as companies make arrangements . Most cosmetic procedures not covered by insurance . Prices overseas are cheaper . Company: 80 percent of doctors they use are trained in U.S.
By looking at the size ratios of the skulls and bodies of existing rodents, scientists determined the bodyweight of the rodent must have approached 1,000 kilograms or a ton, making it the world's largest rodent to have been discovered to date. "We can give an educated guess that the rodent would have been 3 meters long -- assuming that it was similar to a Capybara (the largest rodent alive today) and taking it into account that large mammals generally have relatively smaller heads. The scientists believe the rodent, named Josephoartigasia monesi, roamed the earth about four million years ago at the same time as other giant creatures, such as terror birds, saber-toothed cats, ground sloths and giant armored mammals
Rodent the size of small car discovered in Uruguay . Scientists say the rodent must have weighed 1,000 kilograms . Small size of its teeth suggests it fed mainly upon soft vegetables and fruit .
It was a violation of Pakistani criminal law and prevented a medical conclusion about what killed the former prime minister, said Athar Minallah, who serves on the board that manages Rawalpindi General Hospital. Pakistan's Interior Ministry announced on Friday that Bhutto died from a skull fracture suffered when she fell or ducked into the car as a result of the shots or the explosion and crashed her head onto a sunroof latch. Bhutto's husband, in an interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer on Monday, called for an international investigation into his wife's death, saying the new video proves the Pakistani government "has been trying to muddy the water from the first day
NEW: New video proves Bhutto shot, widower says . Doctors claim Pakistani police prevented an autopsy on Benazir Bhutto . Lawyer Athar Minallah said the move violated Pakistani criminal law . Police chief Aziz Saud said he suggested autopsy but Bhutto's widower objected .
Atlanta's FBI field division topped Los Angeles in reporting the most bank heists, with 350 for the 12 months ending September 30, 2007, according to the FBI, which annually names areas most prone to bank robberies. A recent Atlanta Business Chronicle article reported that metro Atlanta has 26 more banks than in all of North Carolina -- roughly one bank for every 3,500 people in the region. Recently apprehended 69-year-old Bobby Joe Phillips, dubbed the "Grandpa Bandit," is suspected to have robbed seven banks in Tennessee and the Atlanta area and had a criminal history
Atlanta surpasses LA, Philadelphia as city with most bank heists . FBI says it's the result of rising violent crime and increased number of banks . FBI: Expect more bank robberies around holidays . Bank official says most robbers get away with just $2,000 to $3,000 .
Hudson sentenced Vick on Monday to serve 23 months in prison for financing a dogfighting ring and helping to kill pit bulls that did not fight aggressively. " Other letters supporting Vick were sent by his mother, his seventh-grade teacher and children he had met since becoming a star and one of the NFL's most highly paid players. Former Falcons teammate Warrick Dunn, Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin and two sporting legends -- former home-run king Hank Aaron and former two-time boxing heavyweight champion George Foreman -- also wrote letters on Vick's behalf
Michael Vick wrote five-page letter to judge seeking leniency . Former NFL star said he was wrong and promised to make amends . Vick's mom, Atlanta mayor and sports legends also sent letters to judge . Vick sentenced Monday to 23 months in prison in dogfighting case .
No one gets prosecuted, and everyone wonders, "Why steal something you can't turn to cash quickly?" Art thieves do a simple risk versus reward evaluation, said Corine Wegener, associate curator of the Minneapolis Institute of Arts. Thieves know that "even if they receive only a fraction of the work's market value, the cash gained was at low risk of death or injury -- museums can be a relatively soft target," said Wegener, who's teaching a University of Minnesota class this month on art theft. Louis gallery in 1973, or the masterpieces from the Boston museum 1980, or the works lifted in Zurich this week, shouldn't be mistaken for a high-society, tuxedo-wearing, "Thomas Crown Affair" kind of thief, Radcliffe said
Stolen art can be lost for decades . Soft targets like museums entice thieves, experts say . Stolen Rockwell found in Steven Spielberg's collection decades after theft . Nothing glamorous about art thieves, expert says .
American ace Sampras downplayed his victory, noting Federer was coming off a long season and that he was helped by his big serve and the fast indoor carpet surface. " The two players have won a combined 26 Grand Slam titles, but Sampras, 36, retired five years ago after winning the U. The ninth game of the second second proved vital as a forehand error by Federer gave Sampras a break point which he gratefully took with another fine forehand
Pete Sampras beats world nunber one Roger Federer in exhibition in Macau . Sampras wins 7-6 6-4 but rules out comeback to main ATP tour . Federer had won their two previous exhibition matches on Asian tour .
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- Alex Trebek, the long-time host of the popular television quiz show "Jeopardy," suffered a minor heart attack at his home Monday night. The representative added that Trebek did not have any previous known condition that would have led to the heart attack. Prior to becoming "Jeopardy!" host, he served as emcee for a number of game shows, including "High Rollers," "The Wizard of Odds" and "Battlestars
Alex Trebek suffered heart attack at home Monday . Trebek has hosted "Jeopardy!" for 23 years . Trebek is recovering at L.A. hospital .
Construction workers unearthed ancient walls in the busy Iztapalapa neighborhood in June, and government archeologists said Wednesday they believe they may be part of the main pyramid of the Aztec city, destroyed by conquistador Hernan Cortes in the 16th century. In October, archeologists in the city's central Zocalo square unearthed a 15th century Aztec altar and a 12-ton stone idol just yards from choking downtown traffic. The Aztecs, a warlike and deeply religious people who built monumental works, ruled an empire stretching from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Ocean and encompassing much of modern-day central Mexico
Ruins of an Aztec pyramid uncovered in Iztapalapa neighborhood, Mexico City . Iztapalapa is a sprawling, crime-ridden district . The Aztecs ruled an empire stretching from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Ocean .
KHARTOUM, Sudan (CNN) -- Hundreds of angry protesters, some waving ceremonial swords from trucks equipped with loud speakers, gathered Friday outside the presidential palace to denounce a teacher whose class named a teddy bear "Mohammed" -- some calling for her execution. Omer Mohammed Ahmed Siddig, the Sudanese ambassador to Britain, was summoned for a second time to meet with the British foreign secretary late Thursday after the court's ruling. Gibbons has been working at the school, popular with wealthy Sudanese and expatriates, since August, after leaving her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in Liverpool this summer, Boulos said
Some demonstrators demand execution of Gillian Gibbons, 54 . Gibbons found guilty of insulting religion, sentenced to 15 days in jail . Teacher arrested after her class named teddy bear "Mohammed"
Robert, a French journalist, brought the case to the media's attention in recent months in an effort to shed light on what she deemed to be injustices in the pro-Western emirate of Dubai. Robert said Wednesday's sentence was too lenient for a crime that she believes is tantamount to attempted murder because one of her son's attackers was knowingly HIV-positive at the time of the rape. " The mother has already filed suit in courts in Paris and Geneva, Switzerland seeking compensation from Sheikh Khalifa, president of the United Arab Emirates, and the prime minister and vice president of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed al Maktoum
Dubai court sentences two men to 15 years for rape, kidnapping of 15-year-old boy . One of the attackers was knowingly HIV-positive at the time of the rape . Family of the French victim says this makes attack akin to attempted murder . Family say case investigation botched, want more severe sentence .
They have bickered over the rich Pacific coast fishing waters for years, and Peru published a new map on Sunday that pushes its bid to negotiate a new sea border. "We feel that this type of publication (map) and this position certainly make more difficult a fluid bilateral relationship with the Peruvian government," spokesman Ricardo Lagos Weber said on Monday. The dispute over their sea border has bubbled anew over the past two years and comes in addition to less serious disputes over the origins of everything from a dessert and a fruit to pisco, a grape liquor
Peru's foreign minister sought to downplay the row . Sea border dispute has bubbled anew over past two years . Less serious disputes involve dessert, fruit and a grape liquor .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Bush vetoed an expansion of the federally funded, state-run health insurance program for poor children for a second time Wednesday, telling Congress the bill "moves our country's health care system in the wrong direction. The president had proposed adding $5 billion to the program and said the version he vetoed would have encouraged families to leave the private insurance market for the federally funded, state-run program. Democratic leaders said the new version addressed Republican objections by tightening restrictions on illegal immigrants receiving SCHIP benefits, capping the income levels of families that qualify for the program and preventing adults from receiving benefits
President Bush: Measure is "essentially identical" to the proposal he vetoed before . Bill would have expanded the State Children's Health Insurance Program . Bush: Measure "moves our country's health care system in the wrong direction" Program covers 6 million children whose parents don't qualify for Medicaid .
Alshaya now operates in 16 markets including Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Qatar, Oman, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Cyprus, Turkey, Poland and Russia. (JD): Do you have any sort of concerns that this is going to be a bubble like the 1970s where the money was not deployed correctly? It seems different from my vantage point, do you share that view? (MA): There is a new generation of people from the region that are leading businesses and strong leadership in the government that have mitigated any concern. You feel quite strongly about preserving culture and the family structure, and the need for family businesses to create jobs, because they represent 75 percent of all turnover in the Gulf
MME speaks with Mohammed Alshaya, CEO of M.H. Alshaya's retail division . Retail division seeing annual growth of 25 percent, up to 30 percent in Dubai . Group taking Starbucks, Mothercare, Body Shop into Eastern Europe, Russia . On GCC single currency: It is a huge leap towards efficiency, conciliation .
Air Force F-15s escorted two Russian Bear long-range bombers out of an air exclusion zone off the coast of Alaska, U. radar picked up the Russian turbo-prop Tupolev-95 planes about 500 miles off the Alaska coast. The United States maintains the air exclusion zone off the coast of Alaska, barring unidentified aircraft or aircraft that don't file flight plans inside that area
U.S. radar picks up the Russian planes about 500 miles off the Alaska coast . The Russians entered an air exclusion zone . They are escorted out of the area without incident . Russian planes last came near the U.S. coastline in February .
BERLIN, Germany (CNN) -- Jeffrey Jamaleldine took a bullet to his chin that blew out much of his jaw and nearly killed him while deployed in Iraq last year. Bashir Jamaleldine says his son is fighting an unjust war for an America that went too far when it invaded Iraq five years ago -- a sentiment shared by the majority of Germans. Jeffrey Jamaleldine moved to the United States to go to college in Missouri at the age of 18 and immediately fell in love with the United States and its culture
Soldier was one of more than 20,000 "green-card warriors" Jeffrey Jamaleldine's dad wonders why his son is more "American than German" Jamaleldine went to college in the U.S. and fell in love with the American dream . "You can go from rags to riches there. People still believe in that," he says .
COLUMBIA, South Carolina (CNN) -- Oprah Winfrey delivered her "favorite" candidate in the presidential race something his campaign hoped for Sunday: the largest crowd yet of any event in the race to '08, according to the Obama campaign. Although exact figures were not immediately available, campaign officials estimated more than 30,000 people packed into Columbia, South Carolina's Williams-Brice stadium to hear the talk-show queen explain why she believes Obama is the man with the "vision" for America. Clinton was among the Democrats who supported a resolution authorizing force in Iraq in 2002, though in a speech on the Senate floor she said she believed supporting the resolution could ultimately make war itself less likely
NEW: Largest crowd yet in the race to '08, said Obama campaign . NEW: Officials estimate more than 30,000 people attended event in S. Carolina . "Oprah-bama" hit Iowa on Saturday; South Carolina, New Hampshire on Sunday .
KHARTOUM, Sudan (CNN) -- In an effort to shut down Khartoum's Unity High School, a disgruntled former employee alerted Sudanese officials that a British teacher had allowed her class to name a teddy bear "Mohammed," a British source and Sudanese presidential palace source told Time magazine's Sam Dealey. The sources said Khawad did not appear to have a vendetta against Gibbons, but hoped that by bringing the teddy bear incident to the education minister's attention, he would close down the school for anti-Islamic teachings. Gibbons had been working at the school -- popular with wealthy Sudanese and expatriates -- since August, after leaving her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in Liverpool this summer, said the head of Unity High School, Robert Boulos
Disgruntled ex-employee said teacher let class name teddy "Mohammed" Sources: Sarah Khawad trying to shut down Khartoum's Unity High School . Briton Gillian Gibbons convicted of insulting religion released from jail . Gillian Gibbons taken to British Embassy in Khartoum to await flight home .
(CNN) -- Debra Lafave, a former Florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student, was arrested Tuesday for "inappropriate but non-sexual contact" with a teenage coworker, the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office said. Lafave, 27, pleaded guilty in November 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation. The teenager told the officers that Lafave discussed "non-work related issues such as family problems, friends, high school, personal life, boyfriend issues and sexual issues in both private one-on-one conversations" with her and in group settings, according to the report
Debra Lafave's probation forbids her to have contact with anyone under 18 . Florida's Corrections Department: Lafave talked with 17-year-old coworker . The two discussed family problems, sexual issues, report says . Lafave was ordered to quit the job because of the allegations .
(CNN) -- Delta Air Lines and American Airlines announced Thursday the cancellations of hundreds of flights so the companies can conduct inspections on bundles of wires in some of their jets. In Atlanta, the cancellations caused grousing among passengers who missed job interviews, connecting flights and the comfort of their beds, CNN affiliate WXIA reported. " This latest round of inspections was prompted by questions raised by the FAA and American safety officials about how a certain bundle of wires is secured to the MD-80 aircraft
NEW: Delta cancelations only related to MD-88, not MD-90s . NEW: 275 Delta flights were canceled Thursday for safety inspections . American Airlines canceled 318 flights Wednesday to inspect MD-80 aircraft . American cancels 132 of its estimated 2,300 flights scheduled for Thursday .
The Seattle, Washington-based Alaska Ranger was in 10-foot seas and winds of 30 to 35 miles per hour when it reported water was leaking into its steering gear compartment about 2:50 a. The 180-foot processing trawler was about 120 miles west of Dutch Harbor, in the remote Aleutian Islands, when the crew reported being "overwhelmed by water" and abandoned ship, Eggen said. , identified the four who did not survive as Captain Eric Peter Jacobsen, Chief Engineer Daniel Cook, Mate David Silveira and Crewman Byron Carrillo
Four crew members of Seattle-based Alaska Ranger died, Coast Guard says . Others were rescued, but one person is still unaccounted for, spokesman says . Boat was about 120 miles west of Dutch Harbor in remote Aleutian Islands .
WASHINGTON, Illinois (CNN) -- Ty Ziegel peers from beneath his Marine Corps baseball cap, his once boyish face burned beyond recognition by a suicide bomber's attack in Iraq just three days before Christmas 2004. After pressing for answers, Ziegel finally received a letter from the VA that rated his injuries: 80 percent for facial disfigurement, 60 percent for left arm amputation, a mere 10 percent for head trauma and nothing for his left lobe brain injury, right eye blindness and jaw fracture. In July, President Bush and a commission appointed to review the care of veterans returning from war announced the need for a complete overhaul of the disability ratings system, which dates back to World War II
Ty Ziegel lost an arm, part of his skull when he was attacked in Iraq . VA initially rated his brain injury at 0%, meaning he got no compensation for it . Another vet: VA rejected his claim, saying his wounds were "not service connected" Ziegel: "I want to make the VA system better"
SCOTT GILLILAND, STUDENT IN PROFESSOR FOLEY'S USER INTERFACE DESIGN CLASS: A lot of people can't get to a full desktop computer whenever they need to listen to the lectures, and it's nice to be able to take them with you. AZUZ: And if downloading lectures isn't enough, we've got another cool thing you can do with an MP3 player: watch CNN Student News! That's right, you can download our Podcast at CNNstudentnews. DON KNEZEK, CEO, INTERNATIONAL SOCIETY FOR TECHNOLOGY IN EDUCATION: Certainly just dropping technology into a learning environment doesn't necessarily improve it unless you are sure that the activities that you are doing align with the expectations that you have for learning
Get a glimpse at the next generation of gadgets . How the teaching role of MP3 players is growing . What officials say about tech on campus .
Algerian Interior Minister Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni blamed a militant Islamic group with ties to al Qaeda for the attacks, which also targeted a building housing Algeria's Constitutional Council and Supreme Court. Most of those killed in the coordinated attacks were victims of the first suspected car bombing near the Constitutional Council -- which oversees elections -- and Supreme Court in the Algiers neighborhood of Ben Aknoun, according to the state-run Algeria Press Agency. CNN International Security Correspondent Paula Newton said the merger combined the expertise of Algerian guerrillas with the operational ability of al Qaeda in North Africa, enabling the group to penetrate the usually extensive security in high-profile areas of Algiers
Two bombs explode in Algerian capital near government and U.N. buildings . Algeria blames group linked to al Qaeda . Official death toll is 26, but some sources say as high as 76 . U.N. officials say five of its staff killed and 14 missing .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Four people said to have acted on behalf of the Earth Liberation Front have been indicted on a charge of setting fire to an agriculture research building on the Michigan State University campus more than eight years ago, authorities announced Tuesday. Three Detroit, Michigan, residents and a Cincinnati, Ohio, resident were named in conspiracy and arson counts for a fire at a campus facility that housed federally funded plant genetic research. "This investigation has been ongoing for almost a decade, and it should be a reminder to all that the FBI does not allow the passage of time to thwart our ability to apply our full resources to a case," said FBI Special Agent in Charge Andrew Arena
3 Michigan residents and an Ohio resident named in conspiracy, arson counts . They are said to have set fire to an agriculture research building at Michigan State . Fire nine years ago caused $1 million in damage and loss of research records . Michigan State Police chief called fire 'a significant act of domestic terrorism'
The papers also reveal the company struck it big in 2007 with contracts totaling more than $200 million to supply ammunition, assault rifles and other weapons to the Afghan National Army and police. A CNN search of Diveroli's Florida criminal record shows arrests, but no convictions, on offenses from misdemeanor battery to felony possession of stolen property. But in a MySpace message exchange with Radar magazine, a person thought to be David Packouz, a 25-year-old who was AEY's vice president, refers to Efraim Diveroli as "my former scumbag partner" and says he is motivated by money
22-year-old arms dealer faces congressional inquiry . Company supplied ammunition made in China decades ago . Company's contract called for bullets made in Hungary . Grandfather says dealer, 22, had "gift" for weaponry .
(CNN) -- A man who is accused of trying to board an Air Jamaica flight at Orlando International Airport with apparent bomb-making materials was taken into custody Tuesday. The bureau said Brown, who is in his early 30s, had baggage that concealed two galvanized pipes, end caps, two containers of BBs, batteries, two containers with an unknown liquid, a laptop and bomb-making literature. " Transportation Safety Administration officials said Brown caught the eye of a "behavior identification officer" about noon Tuesday as Brown approached a ticket counter for his planned flight to Jamaica
NEW: FBI: Kevin Brown accused of carrying a weapon or explosives onto a plane . The Jamaican national tried to board an Air Jamaica flight at Orlando airport . Official says suspicious items posed no immediate danger to other travelers . Some ticket counters were shut down, and 11 flights were delayed .
A truck being used to push back the plane in preparation for the flight "experienced some form of failure" causing it disconnect from the aircraft, a Singapore Airlines spokesman said. Most passengers departed for Sydney on a new flight early Friday morning, while some others flew to alternate destinations such as Melbourne and Brisbane on existing flights. Airports around the world have had to make changes to accommodate the A380, such as enlarging runways and gates and bringing in vehicles which can tow the plane and lift high enough to reach its upper decks
Four wheels of A380 superjumbo roll onto grass at Singapore airport . Truck being used to push the plane experienced "some kind of failure" No-one injured in the incident; passengers transferred to other flights . Singapore Airlines was first carrier in the world to operate the A380 .
" Beijing has blamed the Dalai Lama and his followers for violence that erupted amid protests for Tibetan independence earlier this month, but China has drawn international criticism for its crackdown on the protests that began peacefully. In his statement, the Dalai Lama complained the Chinese state-run media's coverage "of the recent events in Tibet, using deceit and distorted images, could sow the seeds of racial tension with unpredictable long-term consequences. Earlier this week, China offered some media organizations -- not including CNN -- a carefully managed tour of Tibet's capital, but ran into a public-relations roadblock when a group of Buddhist monks began screaming protests at a holy shrine
Dalai Lama: "I have no desire to seek Tibet's separation" Dalai Lama: Protesters seek "meaningful self-rule" while remaining a part of China . Violence erupted amid protests for Tibetan independence earlier this month . Bush says he "urged restraint" during a phone call with China's president .
YELLOWSTONE NATIONAL PARK, Montana (CNN) -- The gray wolf was officially removed from the Endangered Species Act's "threatened" list Friday after three decades -- a decision that has stoked controversy among environmentalists and ranchers. It means the wolves can be shot and killed once they step out of Yellowstone National Park as soon as the affected states establish a hunting season. "We're not ready to pop the champagne corks and have a party," said Doug Honnold, the managing attorney for Earthjustice, a non-profit environmental law firm based in Oakland, California, that has threatened to sue the government
Gray wolves officially no longer considered endangered . Environmentalists fear hundreds of wolves could soon be killed by ranchers . Rancher tells CNN the animals threaten his way of life . Federal Wildlife official: "The wolf population is fully recovered"
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -- The Democratic-led Congress yielded to President Bush on Saturday and approved legislation to temporarily expand government's power to conduct electronic surveillance without a court order in tracking foreign suspects. "After months of prodding by House Republicans, Congress has finally closed the terrorist loophole in our surveillance law -- and America will be the safer for it," declared House Minority Leader John Boehner, an Ohio Republican. The measure would authorize the National Security Agency to intercept without a court order communications between people in the United States and foreign targets overseas
Secret court ruling prompted push for updating the program . President Bush had urged the House to pass the bill without delay . Measure expands government's power to eavesdrop on foreign suspects .
"The country's priority will be to meet the basic needs of the population, both material and spiritual, based on the sustained strengthening of the national economy and its productive basis without which, I'll say it again, development would be impossible," Raul Castro said in a speech Sunday. In a recent video that has made the rounds on the Internet, a student poses tough questions to the president of Cuba's National Assembly, asking why Cubans cannot travel freely to resorts -- a practice derided by critics as "tourist apartheid. "I think those expectations are really very large indeed and it'll be the Achilles heel, potentially, of this new government if it doesn't attack them with some vigor," said Hal Klepak, a professor of history and warfare studies at the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario
Cuban President Raul Castro says the country must become more productive . Castro has promised to improve efficiency by cutting some red tape . Expectations rise as a new president leads Cuba for the first time in 49 years . Rare public displays of discontent show frustrations faced by Cubans .
A team found the gold necklace near Lake Titicaca in Peru, according to the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The anthropologist who discovered the gold, Mark Aldenderfer, told CNN on Tuesday night that he sensed the importance of his find after noticing a glint while excavating a site with human remains. The find is important, Aldenderfer said, because it signals the early emergence of a desire for status among people who lived as relative equals without a formal leadership system
A team finds the gold necklace near Lake Titicaca in Peru . Find is important because it signals the emergence of societal status systems . The artifact is in the custody of the National Institute of Peru .
(CNN) -- Bolivian President Evo Morales plans to sign legislation Friday scheduling a May 4 referendum on a new constitution, the Bolivian Information Agency reported. The proposed constitution would strengthen the country's indigenous majority but has faced fierce opposition from nonindigenous Bolivians, including those in four provinces whose governors have declared autonomy. Hundreds jammed streets Thursday outside the congressional building in La Paz to prevent opposition legislators from entering
Bolivian Congress decides to let people vote on new constitution on May 4 . Proposed constitution would strengthen Bolivia's indigenous majority . Bolivian President Evo Morales is set to sign the legislation . Opposition lawmakers with "reduced presence" in Congress decry move as "illegal"
Two pilots who were aboard during the crash, at Andersen Air Force Base, ejected from the bomber and were in good condition afterward, according to an Air Force statement. An Air Force fighter pilot was killed Wednesday after two F-15C jets collided during a training exercise over the Gulf of Mexico. The planes were from the 33rd Fighter Wing, a combat-flying unit out of Eglin Air Force Base near Pensacola, Florida
Air Force says 2 pilots in good condition after ejecting from plane . Emergency responders on scene of crash at Andersen Air Force Base . Crash is the second in three days involving an Air Force craft .
The list of "extras" offered by most dealers, may include paint sealant, fabric protection/leather care, extended warranties, extended 'one price' service contracts, rust/underbody coatings and anti-theft systems, to mention a few. These extras are fairly self-explanatory -- the dealer "treats" the upholstered or leather seating with a "protection" product that make the seats more resistant to stains or scuff marks. "Do you have a lot of kids and are they prone to spill things? Or is your vehicle mostly going to be occupied by adults?" Do you eat in the car with some regularity? If so, and you're just too darn messy for your own good, a stain protection might be a good way to go
GM owners won't need LoJack because cars come with OnStar option . Smokers considering fabric protection should check for policy exclusions . But generally, as long as you keep your car washed you don't need sealant . Some warranties offer transferable policies that let you "sell" it with car .
CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee (CNN) -- When meeting Jeff Donohoo, it's not immediately apparent he is a 36-year-old man living with autism. Then it's back home, where he fixes himself dinner and spends hours online looking up Braves statistics, or reading a number of baseball-related books from his personal library. He'll still go to the YMCA, and he'll also make the occasional trip to the bookstore, adding to his collection of baseball-related literature
Jeff Donohoo, 36, is an adult living with autism . Donohoo lives in Tennessee with his parents and works at a hospital . His autism was diagnosed during his freshman year of high school . Donohoo's mother: "It's rewarding today, because he's come so far."
Omar bin Laden, who works as a contractor, said he is talking publicly because he wants an end to the violence his father has inspired -- violence that has killed innocent civilians in a spate of attacks around the world, including those of September 11, 2001. " However, Omar bin Laden -- who was 14 when he began training in al Qaeda camps -- said he differs greatly with his father over the killing of civilians. " Asked why he did not protest more strongly his father's role in the killing of civilians, he said it is up to the religious clerics close to his father to tell Osama bin Laden to change tactics in the name of Islam
Bin Laden's son, Omar, says his father should change his ways . Omar bin Laden split with his father in 2000; says he hasn't heard from him since . Omar bin Laden says he doesn't believe his dad is a terrorist . "I don't think 9/11 was right personally," the son said .
BEIJING, China (Reuters) -- A Chinese couple tried to name their baby "@," claiming the character used in e-mail addresses echoed their love for the child, an official trying to whip the national language into line said on Thursday. "The whole world uses it to write e-mail, and translated into Chinese it means 'love him'," the father explained, according to the deputy chief of the State Language Commission Li Yuming. Sixty million Chinese faced the problem that their names use ancient characters so obscure that computers cannot recognize them and even fluent speakers were left scratching their heads, said Li, according to a transcript of the briefing on the government Web site (www
Chinese couple try to name baby "@" Father claims character translates as "love him" Officials have not revealed if the name has been allowed .
Miami ranks as the worst city for most aggressive drivers for the second straight year in a nationwide study of driver habits followed by New York, Boston, Los Angeles and Washington. When the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety studied more than 10,000 incidents of road rage and violent aggressive driving committed in the 1990s, it found that at least 218 people were killed and another 12,610 injured when drivers got angry. • The agency then warns to "not engage," which advises steering clear of trouble, not making eye contact and getting help, by calling 911, in the event of experiencing dangerous, aggressive driving
Traffic snarls blamed for causing much of road rage . Road rage worse in big cities on East, West coasts . AAA: Don't engage the angry driver, dial 911 for help . Professor: Back seat is "road rage nursery"
(CNN) -- In a television interview, the mother of a man charged in the murder of an Auburn University freshman repeatedly says she's sorry about the suffering the victim's family is enduring. Carson, 22, the student body president for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, was found shot to death in a suburban neighborhood not far from campus about 5 a. Reminders of the popular student president appeared on the jerseys of the university's men's basketball team Saturday night as they took on Duke University's Blue Devils in Durham, North Carolina
Courtney Larrell Lockhart's mother says she's sorry for suffering of victim's family . "I never thought Courtney would do this," mother tells television station . Lockhart charged in Tuesday slaying of Auburn University freshman Lauren Burk . Lockhart is being held in the Russell County jail, authorities say .
MOSCOW, Russia (CNN) -- A cult member who spent several months holed up in a cave with dozens of other people anticipating the end of the world claimed Wednesday that two women died and were buried inside. The former cave-dweller, Vitaly Nedogon, relayed his claims to Russian TV journalists, according to Anton Sharonov, a spokesman for the administration of Penza, a region southeast of Moscow. "However," Sharonov told the Russian news agency Interfax, "the Penza regional administration is of the view that these deaths must be proven legally, which is possible only if all the people leave the cave so that investigative officials can examine it
Claims that one woman died from cancer, another from fasting in cult's cave . Russian cult leader told followers world would end in May . Sect members threatened to commit suicide if authorities tried to intervene .
" Harvard Medical School psychologist William Pollack, who consulted on a 2002 federal government study of school shootings, said it found that most school shooters often had feelings of anger, sadness and isolation as well as homicidal and suicidal thoughts. "We see a young man who obviously is telling us how depressed he was, how angry he was and how much he looked up to people who we know are very disturbed and very dangerous, and how close he came to killing people," said Pollack, who watched CNN's interview with Richard. So why are Richard Sonnen and his mother, Elaine, speaking out now? In the wake of the Northern Illinois University and Virginia Tech shootings, Richard wants young people experiencing the same symptoms he had to seek out help
At age 6, Elaine Sonnen says, her son, Richard, wanted to kill her . Fed up with bullying, Richard says he plotted to kill eight classmates . Elaine immediately sought mental help for her son after learning of his plan . Richard spent 16 months in mental institutions and now lives on his own .
"As a result of the vacuum created by the failure of both the Iraqi government and the international community to act in a timely and adequate manner, non-state actors play a major role in providing assistance to vulnerable Iraqis," the report says. " "It provides stipends, food, heating oil, cooking oil and other non-food items to supplement the Public Distribution System rations which are still virtually impossible to transfer after displaced Iraqis have moved to a new neighborhood, though it is easier for Shiites to do so," the report says. Refugees International visited a Sadrist office in Baghdad's Ur district and observed residents providing "clothing, milk, oil, rice, sugar, clothes and fuel for heating and cooking when supplies are available
Humanitarian group says Shiite, Sunni militias recruiting displaced Iraqis . Muqtada al-Sadr's group using Hezbollah as model, report claims . United States, Iraq, global community not doing enough for displaced, report adds .
The Mississippi River city of Davenport is expected to be one of the most significant battlegrounds, with Linn County -- dominated by the university town of Cedar Rapids -- also attracting lots of attention from both parties. On the Republican side, 37 percent of participants in the 2000 Iowa GOP caucuses identified themselves as members of the religious right and 73 percent described themselves as conservatives. Presidential candidates know bad weather may affect how many people turn out, but 1972 was the only time rough winter conditions played a role in the caucuses, according to Drake University's Hugh Winebrenner -- the nation's leading expert on Iowa caucus history
The central part of Iowa is the state's most Democratic area . Western Iowa is home to the most Republicans . Support of Iowa's largest newspaper, the Des Moines Register, highly sought . Weather may affect how many people turn out .
Feyenoord were held 1-1 at home by Groningen on Sunday, with Marcus Berg putting the visitors on course for a 13th win of the season until an own goal by Mark-Jan Fledderus on the stroke of half-time gave the Rotterdam side a point. Sparta won 2-1 at sixth-placed Twente Enschede as goals from Yuri Rose and Charles Dissels on 28 and 51 minutes kept the visitors above of second-bottom Nijmegen on goal difference. NEC won 2-0 at home to ninth-placed Utrecht, the club's first victory since early November, as Jhonny van Beukering and Brett Holman netted in the second half
Second-placed Ajax held 2-2 at home by Vitesse Arnhem in Dutch Eredivisie . The Amsterdam side now trail league leaders PSV Eindhoven by five points . PSV defeated Excelsior 2-0 on Saturday to open up six-point gap at top .
The British monarch, who also opened Heathrow's first passenger terminal in 1955, was present under strict security a day after a man carrying a backpack was arrested for running onto a runway at the airport. Visit London chief executive James Bidwell said: "T5 will provide visitors to London and the UK with a spectacular first impression and alleviate the pressure experienced at Heathrow, the world's busiest airport. "The terminal's smoother check-in process and state-of-the-art baggage management system will certainly better the tourist experience and should help improve the airport's international reputation
Queen Elizabeth opens Heathrow Airport's $8.6 billion new Terminal 5 . The new building took more than 15 years to complete following protests . Launch a day after security scare at one of world's busiest international airports . A lone man ran onto a Heathrow runway carrying a backpack on Thursday .
An international organization, The Coca-Cola Company's first soda fountain sales to Canada and Mexico were recorded in 1897. Today, The Coca-Cola Company is the world's largest beverage company with the most extensive distribution system in the world, operating in more than 200 countries across the world. The company was placed in the top 25 places to work by Essence magazine and was named Wal-Mart's International Supplier of the Year in 2006
Coca-Cola was invented in Atlanta, Georgia, in 1886, by a U.S. pharmacist . Today it is the largest beverage company in the world . The company has operations in over 200 countries, employs 55,000 people .
LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- A 24-year-old gang member was arrested Thursday in connection with a shooting at a Los Angeles bus stop in which eight people were wounded, city officials said. Hines was apprehended Thursday afternoon as he was walking down the street, about a half-mile from the scene of the shooting, Police Chief William Bratton told reporters. "While no one died yesterday, the bullets unleashed shot through the core of the entire community," Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said in announcing the arrest Thursday
Billy Ray Hines is believed to have fired into a crowd, police say . Eight people, including five children, were shot, authorities say . Shooting happened Wednesday near a middle school, but not on school grounds . Hines will face 10 counts of attempted murder, police say .
MOSCOW, Russia (CNN) -- Russian space officials say the crew of the Soyuz space ship is resting after a rough ride back to Earth. The craft carrying South Korea's first astronaut landed in northern Kazakhstan on Saturday, 260 miles (418 kilometers) off its mark, they said. Mission Control spokesman Valery Lyndin said the condition of the crew -- South Korean bioengineer Yi So-yeon, American astronaut Peggy Whitson and Russian flight engineer Yuri Malenchenko -- was satisfactory, though the three had been subjected to severe G-forces during the re-entry
Soyuz capsule lands hundreds of kilometers off-target . Capsule was carrying South Korea's first astronaut . Landing is second time Soyuz capsule has gone awry .
President Bush said Wednesday he had called the governors of the affected states to offer help and to tell them that "the American people hold those who suffered up in prayer. "I don't think that I have seen, since I've been governor, a tornado where the combination of the intensity of it and the length of the track was as large as this one," said Bredesen, who flew over the disaster area Wednesday. " Also in Jackson, a tornado trapped Union University students and retirees in collapsed buildings, said Julie Oaks, a spokeswoman for the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency
NEW: Tennessee man describes diving to the floor as his house blows away . The tornado death toll in the South stands at 56 . Tornado outbreak was deadliest in the U.S. in more than 20 years . Deaths include 32 in Tennessee, 13 in Arkansas, seven in Kentucky, four in Alabama .
NEW YORK (CNN) -- The daughter of a man who died after falling four stories at Shea Stadium said her father was not sliding down the escalator when the accident happened, as police reported. A statement from the New York Police Department on Tuesday said witnesses saw 36-year-old Antonio Nararainsami of Brooklyn sitting on the banister of the escalator when he lost his balance and fell. Nararainsami's daughter, Emily, told CNN affiliate WABC on Tuesday that her father was walking down the escalator, not sliding on its banister, as fans left the stadium after the New York Mets-Washington Nationals game
Police said man lost his balance on an escalator as fans left the stadium . He died about 25 minutes later at Booth Memorial Hospital . Police are investigating the death as an accident .
LONDON, England (CNN) -- Heather Mills presented "less than candid" testimony about her life with former Beatle Paul McCartney during her divorce case and made more money during their marriage than before, according to a ruling released Tuesday. "Having given in her favor every allowance for the enormous strain she must have been under and in conducting her own case, I am driven to the conclusion that much of her evidence, both written and oral, was not just inconsistent and inaccurate but also less than candid," Bennett wrote. And he quoted Mills' 2002 book, "A Single Step," in which she wrote that her charity work and public speaking roles had expanded "to such an extent that it has left little time for anything else
Judge: Heather Mills "a less than impressive witness" Paul McCartney's ex-wife received nearly $50M payout in divorce ruling . Ruling follows collapse of ex-Beatle's four-year marriage to former model .
According to a press release from the Department of Justice office, a search of Bergendorff's hotel room turned up "an 'Anarchist's Cookbook,' a collection of instructions on poisons and other dangerous recipes, including instructions on the preparation of ricin," two semiautomatic pistols, a rifle and a pistol with a silencer. "FBI searches of Salt Lake City [Utah] storage units rented by Von Bergendorff resulted in the discovery of castor beans, various chemicals used in the production of ricin, a respirator, filters, painter's mask, laboratory glassware, syringes and a notebook on ricin production," the Justice Department release said. Bergendorff's cousin, Thomas Tholen of Riverton, Utah, was indicted by a federal grand jury in Salt Lake City this month, accused of failing to report production and possession of ricin
Roger Bergendorff is charged with possession of toxin, firearms . He was hospitalized for ricin exposure after it was found in hotel room . His cousin is charged with failing to report production and possession .
(CNN) -- A Lonely Planet author says he plagiarized or made up portions of the popular travel guidebooks and dealt drugs to supplement poor pay, an Australian newspaper reported Sunday. Once we've got things right for travelers as quickly as we can, we'll look at what we do and how we do it to ensure as best we can that this type of thing never happens again," the e-mail said, according to the newspaper. On his MySpace page, Kohnstamm says the book "is about the decision to abandon Manhattan to try to make it as a travel writer and the good, the bad and the really surreal that I experienced on the road
Author tells paper he got data for Colombia guidebook "from a chick I was dating" Author's works include guides on Brazil, Venezuela, Chile, paper reports . Lonely Planet tells paper it wants to ensure "this type of thing never happens again" "Urgent" review of author's books reveals no inaccuracies, publisher tells paper .
SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- The chairman of the Samsung Group plans to resign, according to a report published Tuesday by Yonhap, the South Korean news agency. It has annual sales of nearly $160 billion and accounts for 18 percent of South Korea's economic output. Investigators started looking into Samsung in January, after a former company lawyer said the company created slush funds worth $200 million
Samsung Group chairman, Lee Kun-hee, plans to resign, Yonhap reports . Lee's decision comes a few days after his indictment amid corruption investigation . Lee was indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust . Prosecutors say indictment relates to a plan to transfer control of the firm to his son .
JAKARTA, Indonesia (CNN) -- An Indonesian court has sentenced the alleged military commander of an al Qaeda-linked terror network to 15 years in prison. He described Jemaah Islamiyah to CNN as "an underground organization," saying "it will continue to exist and continue to move on with its plans" to create an Islamic state under Sharia law despite his capture. He told CNN that he helped fugitive suspect Noordin Top plan the attack, meeting him both before and after the devastating blast that killed 12 people and injured 150
Indonesian court sentences Abu Dujana to 15 years in prison . Dujana is the alleged leader of the military wing of Jemaah Islamiyah . Dujana is accused of direct involvement in the Bali nightclub bombings of 2002 . After his arrest last June, Dujana admitted he was Jemaah Islamiyah's military chief .
Robert McCarthy of Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton reconstructed Neanderthal vocal tracts to simulate their voice with a computer synthesizer. "They would have spoken a bit differently," McCarthy said at the annual meeting of the American Association of Physical Anthropologists in Ohio this month. To reconstruct the vocal tracts, McCarthy teamed with linguist Phil Lieberman, who worked in the 1970s to deduce the dimensions of a Neanderthal larynx based on its skull
Anthropologist reconstructs Neanderthal vocal tracts to simulate their voice . Result sounds like a part croaking frog or a human burping . Plan is to eventually simulate an entire Neanderthal sentence .
ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- A Georgia military contractor tricked law enforcement agencies into buying faulty stun grenades, ultimately leaving three FBI agents injured, federal prosecutors announced Monday. At one point, some of them prematurely detonated, "causing serious injuries" to three FBI agents who were on a SWAT team investigating a kidnapping, the indictment says, adding that the interior of their government vehicle was damaged. The devices were sold to more than a dozen FBI offices between 2003 and 2004, as well as to the San Rafael Police Department in San Rafael, California, and the Orange County Sheriff/Coroner's Department in Santa Ana, California, the indictment says
Indictment accuses Georgia company of relabeling stun grenades . Devices sold to at least 12 FBI offices; Defense Department declines comment . 3 company officials charged with money laundering, defrauding the government . Indictment: FBI agents injured when stun grenades detonated prematurely .
Today, the companies all operate under the name NewEra Manufacturing, a company based in Las Vegas, Nevada, that says it supplies precision components "for the aerospace, military, medical, recreational and other commercial entities. "We do not consider religious affiliation or marital status when selecting vendors, but illegal activity is certainly cause for termination of a contract and perhaps even debarment, which could prevent a contractor from doing business with department ever again. What might taxpayers think of it all? "They're just going to shake their head and say here's another example of our tax money going down the drain to support this polygamist in Texas who abuses children and women," Maginnis said
Pentagon bought airplane parts from companies tied to Warren Jeffs . Contracts continued even after Jeffs was on FBI "Most-Wanted List" Pentagon defends contracts, stands by them as appropriate . Retired Army colonel says nothing illegal happened, but people will be "appalled"
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Pope Benedict XVI on Wednesday addressed issues ranging from the sex abuse scandal in the Roman Catholic Church to the easy availability of pornography to the "alarming decrease" in Catholic marriages in the United States. "From the dawn of the republic, America's quest for freedom has been guided by the conviction that the principles governing political and social life are intimately linked to a moral order based on the dominion of God the creator," he said. Security will be tight during the six-day visit, with 27 state, local and federal agencies protecting the pope as he meets with religious leaders, celebrates Mass at two baseball stadiums and makes his way around in the popemobile
NEW: Pope tells bishops abuse of children was "gravely immoral behavior" Pope, president discuss Middle East, Latin America, says White House . Six-day, two-city visit to U.S. marks Pope Benedict XVI's first as pope . Pope will celebrate Mass at stadium Thursday, travel to New York on Friday .
military in Japan has charged a Marine with rape and other violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice in the alleged sexual assault of 14-year old girl in Okinawa. Tyrone Luther Hadnott, 38, has been charged with the rape of a child under 16, abusive sexual contact with a child, making a false official statement, adultery and kidnapping, the Marines said Friday. Anti-American sentiments boiled over in 1995 after three American servicemen kidnapped and gang-raped a 12-year-old Okinawan schoolgirl
No date set for the court-martial . U.S. military charges Marine after girl dropped charges in February . Most of U.S. troops in Japan are stationed in Okinawa .
Hillary Clinton for throwing back a shot of whiskey in front of TV crews over the weekend and said she must think she's "doing me a favor" by attacking him and toughening him up for a fall race against Republican Sen. On Sunday, Clinton called the comments "elitist, out of touch and frankly, patronizing," and added, "You know, the Democratic Party, to be very blunt about it, has been viewed as a party that didn't understand and respect the values and the way of life of so many of our fellow Americans. Responding to Obama's remarks, Clinton spokesman Phil Singer said, "With all due respect, this is the same politician who spent six days posing for clichéd camera shots that included bowling gutterballs, walking around a sports bar, feeding a baby cow and buying a ham at the Philly market (albeit one that cost $99
NEW: Barack Obama makes fun of Hillary Clinton for drinking a shot in front of media . NEW: Clinton's verbal attacks on Obama met with boos from audience . Clinton has accused Obama of being out of touch, elitist for remarks at fundraiser . At fundraiser, Obama said some Pennsylvanians bitter and clinging to guns, religion .
Germany -- Germany striker Kevin Kuranyi fired Schalke up to joint second in the Bundesliga, while Bayern Munich have a golden chance to put one hand on the league title if they beat Stuttgart on Sunday. Kuranyi's 15th league goal of the season -- after just two minutes -- gave Schalke the three points with a 1-0 win in Hamburg to go level on 54 points with Werder Bremen, who shared a thrilling 3-3 draw at Karlsruhe. " Further down the table, striker Mike Hanke gave Hanover an early goal at home to Hertha Berlin before Czech striker Jiri Stajner enjoyed the simplest of tap-ins to make it 2-0 after 26 minutes
Kevin Kuranyi's early goal gives Schalke a 1-0 home victory against Hamburg . Schalke now level in second position with Bremen, who draw 3-3 at Karlsruhe . Bayern Munich will all but clinch the title with a win over Stuttgart in Sunday .
That means giving it up to an inch and a half of water per week; aerating and dethatching annually so water and nutrients can get down to the roots; mowing with a sharp blade to the right height (ask your local garden center what's best where you live); and fertilizing in spring and fall. Solutions: Though lawns will generally recover from small areas of infection, if a fungus is progressively marching across your yard, look for a fungicide with the active ingredient thiophanate-methyl and follow the directions. If weeds are too plentiful to be pulled, check your garden center for a "weed-and-feed" blend of granular fertilizer and herbicide that will kill weeds without harming turf types commonly grown in your area, or look for an organic fertilizer with corn gluten
A good corn-gluten mix cures brown patches and weakens most fungi . Brown patches are often indicative of bug problems . Dog urine is high is nitrogen, so flush affected areas with water .
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A pair of tornadoes struck suburban Washington on Sunday, mangling trees and stripping siding off several homes, the National Weather Service confirmed. A second tornado followed about 30 minutes later outside Hyattsville, Maryland -- about 10 miles northeast of the capital. Peters Adventist School especially hard, tearing off a portion of the roof and flinging it and mounds of debris into the parking lot
First tornado hit St. Charles, Maryland, about 30 miles south of Washington . Second tornado struck 30 minutes later outside Hyattsville, Maryland . No injuries were immediately reported .
IP-455 Press Release 8 February 2008 The findings of a Scotland Yard inquiry into how Mohtarma Benazir Bhutto died after being attacked during a political rally in Rawalpindi were presented to the Government of Pakistan today. The conclusions of the inquiry were outlined in a detailed report handed over to interim Interior Minister Hamid Nawaz by Detective Superintendent John MacBrayne, accompanied by a senior official from the British High Commission, during a meeting in Islamabad. The limited X-ray material, the absence of a full post mortem examination and CT scan, have meant that the UK Home Office pathologist, Dr Nathaniel Cary, who has been consulted in this case, is unable categorically to exclude the possibility of there being a gunshot wound to the upper trunk or neck
Scotland Yard releases report into assassination of Benazir Bhutto . Only apparent injury was a major trauma to the right side of the head . UK experts all exclude the injury being a wound as a result of gunshot . Injury consistent with her head impacting upon the lip of vehicle escape hatch .
(CNN) -- Storms that killed two people in northern Georgia spread Saturday night into South Carolina, where possible tornadoes downed trees, blew roofs off homes and broke power lines, weather forecasters said. A Friday night tornado packing winds of up to 135 miles per hour cut a path 6 miles long and 200 yards wide through downtown in less than 30 minutes. Rain, wind and hail caused additional power outages Saturday in the Atlanta area and triggered delays of more than an hour for flights leaving Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, according to an airport spokesman
Sheriff: Possible tornado caused heavy damage in Prosperity, South Carolina . "We are unable to respond to all of the calls," dispatcher says . Deaths reported in Polk and Floyd Counties in Georgia on Saturday . Saturday's storms followed EF-2 tornado that tore through Atlanta on Friday .
BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- An Iraqi report on last month's shootings involving security contractor Blackwater USA called the incident "pre-meditated murder" and is calling for $8 million in compensation for each of the 17 Iraqis who died, a senior Iraqi government official said Monday. Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said Sunday that the Iraqi commission investigating the shootings has accused the company's guards of firing indiscriminately and without provocation on citizens and violating the rights of Iraqis. military maintains that Mahmoud Farhadi was posing as a businessman with a trade delegation and was in charge of Zafar Command, one of three units of the Ramazan Corps of the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps' Quds Force
"Not even a stone was thrown at them," Iraqi official says of Blackwater guards . Iraq says 17 Iraqis killed by Blackwater guards in Baghdad square . Blackwater, Iraqi officials have starkly different accounts of what happened . Iraqi panel is calling for $8 million per victim in the September 16 shooting .
Clinton was asked whether his remarks comparing Obama's strong showing in South Carolina to that of Jesse Jackson in 1988 had been a mistake given their impact on his wife Sen. But outside a Pittsburgh campaign event Tuesday, a reporter asked Clinton what he had meant "when you said the Obama campaign was playing the race card on you?" Clinton responded: "When did I say that and to whom did I say that?" Watch more of the Clintons on the trail in Pennsylvania ». CNN Associate Political Editor Rebecca Sinderbrand, CNN political producers Alexander Marquardt, Ed Hornick and Chris Welch contributed to this report
Bill Clinton in interview Monday: Obama camp "played the race card on me" On Tuesday he denied he had accused Obama's campaign of it . Clinton: "When did I say that and to whom did I say that?" A recording of former president's comment is posted on WHYY Web site .
The incident occurred at the opening of a massive Gadhafi National Mosque in Kampala, a structure begun by the late Ugandan dictator Idi Amin in 1972 and completed with financing from Libya, according to African media reports. The Ugandan official, who declined to be named, shouted back, "Why do think you're superior? What makes you think Uganda has any ill intention against Gadhafi?" The Ugandan official said Museveni's guards were simply doing their job as security for the host country and had a right to respond when the Libyan guards pushed them back. "This should remind us that while Amin is demonized as Africa's worst dictator, there are many things he did for this country that successive governments largely depend on, and much of the completed installations and structures like this beautiful mosque was Amin's dream, may Allah rest him in peace
Ugandan officer reports tensions with Libyan leader's guards during visit . Leaders gathered for opening of massive mosque in Kampala, Uganda . About a dozen presidential guards seen bleeding from compound fractures .
Earlier Monday, in Baghdad, a roadside bomb exploded near an Iraqi police patrol, killing one officer and wounding another, the Interior Ministry told CNN. A short time later, another roadside bomb exploded near an Iraqi police patrol on Palestine Street in eastern Baghdad, wounding four bystanders, a ministry official said. Cheney began a trip to the Middle East on Sunday with an official itinerary that listed stops in Oman, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Israel and the West Bank, according to the White House
NEW: 2 U.S. soldiers killed by roadside bomb in Baghdad on Monday, U.S. says . NEW: Other roadside bombs in Baghdad kill one police officer, injure four people . Death toll rises to 40 in explosion in Karbala, official says; 65 injured . Explosion was near holy shrine for Shiite Muslims, burial spot of Hussein bin Ali .
Just 14-years-old and standing less than five feet tall, the elfin Romanian was the undisputed star of that year's Games in Montreal after becoming the first gymnast in history to score a perfect 10. Constant surveillance Comaneci was honored as a Hero of Socialist Labor on her return home, yet the regime -- terrified that Comaneci would defect after enjoying her taste of western celebrity -- kept its greatest star under constant surveillance. It took the judges 28 minutes to decide the result and, ultimately, it was a lower score from the Soviet judge -- perhaps reflecting the worsening relations between the Soviet Union and its formerly loyal satellite -- that denied Comaneci her second straight gold in the event
Olympic gymnast record: 5 gold medals, 3 silver medals, 1 bronze medal . The first gymnast in history to score a perfect 10 . Comaneci was honored as a Hero of Socialist Labor . Gymnast born on November 12, 1961 in Onesti, Romania .
That means giving it up to an inch and a half of water per week; aerating and dethatching annually so water and nutrients can get down to the roots; mowing with a sharp blade to the right height (ask your local garden center what's best where you live); and fertilizing in spring and fall. Solutions: Though lawns will generally recover from small areas of infection, if a fungus is progressively marching across your yard, look for a fungicide with the active ingredient thiophanate-methyl and follow the directions. If weeds are too plentiful to be pulled, check your garden center for a "weed-and-feed" blend of granular fertilizer and herbicide that will kill weeds without harming turf types commonly grown in your area, or look for an organic fertilizer with corn gluten
A good corn-gluten mix cures brown patches and weakens most fungi . Brown patches are often indicative of bug problems . Dog urine is high is nitrogen, so flush affected areas with water .
The Democratic Party has stripped the state of its delegates for moving up its primary date so early, and top-tier Democratic candidates have taken their names off the ballot, except for Sen. "While the Free Press differs with McCain on a number of issues, the Arizona senator is a smarter, more tested and pragmatic leader who has shown since 2000 that he knows how to build bipartisan alliances around issues," the newspaper said in an editorial. The Detroit News also endorsed McCain, citing his fiscal conservatism and command of military and foreign affairs, over Michigan native Mitt Romney
Independents, Democrats can vote in Michigan's open Republican primary . No Democratic delegates at stake, and most top-tier candidates aren't on ballot . Economic woes top concern for Michigan primary voters .
Many of those killed over the years, like the four soldiers slain on Sunday in Baghdad, have been targeted by improvised explosive devices -- the roadside bombs that have been described as the weapon of choice for insurgents and a weapon that has come to symbolize Iraq's tenacious insurgency. troops into Iraq on March 19, 2003, after months of warnings that then-Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was concealing stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons and efforts to build a nuclear bomb. • A suicide car bomb exploded at a fuel station Sunday in a predominantly Shiite neighborhood in northwest Baghdad, killing seven people and wounding 12 others, the Interior Ministry said
NEW: As Iraq war enters sixth year, American death toll rises to 4,000 . NEW: Four U.S. soldiers killed when their vehicle was hit by an IED . At least 30 Iraqis died Sunday; 80,000 to 150,000 or more killed since war's start . Iraq security adviser said Sunday that Iraq war is "well worth fighting"
Gilchrist took over the gloves from Ian Healy -- third on the list with 395 dismissals from 119 Tests -- in November 1999, and went on to establish himself both as a wicketkeeper and as a batsman of brutal hitting capabilities. Hayden, on his return after missing the defeat in Perth due to a hamstring injury, reached his 30th Test century before being bowled by 19-year-old seamer Ishant Sharma for 103 off 200 balls. But Ponting, who has struggled for form so far in the series, ground out his 40th half-century in Tests and Clarke provided able support to take Australia through to the close of play with no further loss of wickets
NEW: Adam Gilchrist to retire from cricket at end of this Australian summer . The wicketkeeper set new world record of 414 Test dismissals on Friday . He has played 96 Tests for Australia and 277 one-day internationals . Australia reached 322-3 on third day of final Test against India, Gilchrist's last .
A poll, released Wednesday, of 5,000 Latin American adults living in the United States found that only 50 percent of respondents were still sending money on a regular basis to loved ones, down from 73 percent in a similar poll conducted in 2006. " Back in California, Eduardo Gutierrez says that in addition to shrinking hours and rising food costs, gas prices are burning up his paycheck as he drives his truck to jobs spread out over hundreds of miles in Southern California. On this day, as he finished fixing the sliding glass door, he got on his knees like a kid playing marbles and used a hand brush to sweep every last metal shaving and screw into a dust pan
Remittances to Mexico fell $100 million in January, according to Bank of Mexico . "I kind of feel bad that I can't help my parents," immigrant in U.S. says . Payments to loved ones back home have slowed during U.S. economic woes . Father in Mexico: "He says things are worse there in California than over here"
ROME, Italy -- Captain Javier Zanetti saved Inter Milan's unbeaten Serie A record as he rifled home a stunning late volley to earn a 1-1 draw against second-placed Roma at the San Siro on Wednesday. Roma needed to win to breathe new life into the title race but they were dealt a cruel blow as French defender Philippe Mexes was sent-off late on for two bookings in quick succession. Neat footwork from Macedonia international Mirko Vucinic released Max Tonetto down the left and his pin-point cross was flicked home at the near post by Totti from six meters out as he stole in front of defender Cristian Chivu
Javier Zanetti scores a late goal to earn Inter Milan a 1-1 draw against Roma . The result keeps Inter nine points clear and retains their unbeaten league run . AC Milan slipped to fifth position as they were held to a 1-1 draw at Catania .
GLASGOW, Scotland -- Jean-Claude Darcheville and Nacho Novo both scored twice to fire leaders Rangers to a 4-0 win at Hearts, their 10th consecutive Scottish Premier League victory. Australian international McDonald's 25th goal of the season right on the interval gave the champions the lead and his Greek team-mate bulleted an Aiden McGeady cross past goalkeeper Michael Fraser on the hour mark. But the final minutes were needlessly fraught for Celtic after Caley striker Marius Niculae took advantage of Scott Brown's misplaced pass to pull a goal back in the 70th minute
Rangers remain four points clear in Scotland after a superb 4-0 win at Hearts . Jean-Claude Darcheville and Nacho Novo both net twice for the league leaders . Celtic remain second in the table following 2-1 victory against Inverness Caley .
(CNN) -- One of the telephone numbers used to report claims of abuse at a polygamist sect's Texas ranch was previously associated with a Colorado woman whom authorities have named a "person of interest," a court document says. In the February incident, Swinton is accused of calling authorities using the names "Dana Anderson" and "April," reporting abuse by male relatives, according to an affidavit in support of an arrest warrant. At a meeting Wednesday afternoon, Walther and the state's Child Protective Services Division agreed that 18 mothers with breast-feeding babies that are 1 year old or younger will be allowed to stay with their children in the homes where the children are placed
Rozita Swinton, 33, was arrested this month on charge unrelated to ranch . But Texas Rangers have said she is a "person of interest" in sect case . Court record: Swinton is connected with phone number that brought attention to sect . Caller identified herself as a 16-year-old girl who claimed abuse by sect member .
The leftist guerilla group, which goes by its Spanish acronym FARC, holds about 750 hostages in the jungles of Colombia and has justified hostage-taking as a legitimate military tactic in a long-running civil war involving government forces, drug traffickers and right-wing paramilitaries. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control reported that the brothers have been involved in narcotics trafficking since the early 1990s, when they were guarding ships carrying cocaine from western Colombia to Mexico. The Colombian prosecutor general's office had indicted Victor Mejia Munera for his role in a 2004 paramilitary massacre of 11 farmers in Tame in the eastern Colombian province of Arauca, according to the State Department
NEW: Weapons, ammunition found with dead drug lord, Colombian government says . NEW: Defense minister warns drug dealers will "end up in the jail or in a tomb" Victor Manuel Mejia Munera linked to paramilitaries, also wanted in the U.S. The slain man was originally thought to be brother Miguel Angel Mejia .
(CNN) -- Some Democrats say they fear their party's method of picking a nominee might turn undemocratic as neither presidential candidate is likely to gather the delegates needed for the nomination. "The problem is [if] people perceive that voters have not made the decision -- instead, insiders have made the decision -- then all of these new people who are being attracted to the process, particularly the young people who are voting for the first time, will feel disenfranchised or in some way alienated," he said. Jason Rae, a 21-year-old Wisconsin superdelegate, said he's gotten calls from former President Clinton and former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright from Hillary Clinton's camp, and Obama's wife, Michelle, visited with him during a campaign stop Tuesday in Wisconsin
Democrats' system includes about 800 superdelegates -- party officials, leaders . Unlike elected delegates, superdelegates can vote for any candidate they choose . Some says they fear superdelegates could tip balance against the popular vote . If such a thing happens, some say voters will feel alienated, disenfranchised .
Doctors suggest a child may be ready to start trying if he's staying dry for at least two hours at a time during the day, walking to and from the bathroom, asking for a diaper change and asking to use the potty. While Dunn works on the kids, psychologist Elaine Leclair, an instructor at the Harvard School of Medicine, offers frank advice to the parents in a separate room. " After years of hiding her daughter's toilet training troubles from family and friends, the group parenting sessions allowed Teres to open up about her frustrations
Most children show they're ready to potty train between 18 and 24 months . Mom resorted to hospital's potty school when daughter was in diapers at 4½ . Six-week program uses creative methods to get kids comfortable with a toilet . Toilet training process can take more than a year, or longer for some kids .
(CNN) -- Who would win in a fight: a police-killing, rampage-driven thug or a superhero encased in a technologically superior suit of armor? "Grand Theft Auto IV," released Tuesday, could give "Iron Man" a run for its money this weekend. The answer could come this weekend when video game enthusiasts find out whether "Grand Theft Auto IV," expected to set sales records in the gaming world this week, will steal glory and revenue from a different entertainment empire: the movies. Edward Woo, a research analyst specializing in media and interactive entertainment at Wedbush Morgan Securities, said the game's release date and widespread reach could negatively affect opening box office numbers for "Iron Man
"GTA IV" released Tuesday, expected to gross $400 million in first week . "Iron Man" opens this weekend, expected to take in $50 to $60 million . Analysts say game release could hurt weekend ticket sales . Game reviewer calls "GTA IV" game "Perfection"
(CNN) -- A former police officer convicted of murdering his girlfriend and their unborn child tearfully apologized to her family Monday in front of the jury that will decide whether he lives or dies. According to testimony, Cutts, 30, rolled Davis' body in a comforter and dumped it in a park, leaving toddler son Blake in the house alone at the crime scene in a soiled diaper. Prosecutors discounted Cutts' story, claiming he buckled under the financial pressure of child support, killed the mother of his child and then created a cover story to try to get away with it
NEW: Ex-cop apologizes, asks jury to spare him . Bobby Cutts Jr. faces the death penalty for murders of girlfriend, unborn child . Cutts also could receive life sentence, with or without parole . Same jury that found Cutts guilty is hearing penalty phase of trial .
(CNN) -- Rescue teams on Friday found the wreckage of a plane that crashed Thursday night in the mountains of Venezuela, but none of the 46 people aboard survived, a searcher said. Harsh weather and rough terrain in the Andes Mountains likely will make the job of emergency workers difficult, Rivero said on a state-run television station. The pilot did not check in with controllers 20 minutes into the flight, as scheduled, suggesting the plane encountered problems shortly after takeoff
NEW: Searcher says plane "practically pulverized" in Venezuela mountains . Plane with 46 people on board crashes in the Andes Mountains . Aircraft was flying from Merida to airport near Caracas . There were no survivors, official says .
(CNN) -- A man dressed as a priest caught at Amsterdam's airport with three kilos of cocaine under his vestments claimed to police that his packages contained "holy sand", Dutch police said. Police stopped the man at Amsterdam's Schiphol airport as he was transiting on a flight from South America, Robert Van Aapel, a spokesman for the Dutch Royal Military Police told CNN by phone Saturday. Dutch police are trying to establish if the man is a real priest after he claimed to be a senior member of the clergy in the Bolivian capital La Paz, he added
Police: Man stopped at Amsterdam's Schiphol airport dressed as a priest . Initially refused to be searched, saying that he was a religious person . Found to have $155,000 worth of cocaine strapped to his legs under his vestments . Officers trying to establish whether the man, on flight from Peru, is a priest .
The anti-whaling group accused the crew of the Japanese vessel of kidnapping the men based on a video that showed Potts and Lane tied to the ship's railing. Australian Foreign Minister Stephen Smith Wednesday did not answer questions about whether the men would be charged for their actions, stressing instead that the immediate priority was to retrieve them. Smith said the Japanese government -- which formally approached Australia to assist in the transfer -- did not lay out any conditions for the transfer, in which the men were brought on board the Australian ship, the Oceanic Viking
Two anti-whaling activists handed over to Australian government officials . Japan contacting Australia to help secure release of activists, reports say . Sea Shepherd Conservation Society says ship's crew kidnapped 2 of its members . The activists boarded the Japanese whaling vessel to deliver a letter .
Gates said Odierno is well known to troops in Iraq, to military leadership and to Iraqis, and "I believe, in most parts of the world, especially in the Middle East, personal relationships make a difference. " Asked whether he was using Petraeus "almost as a finger in the dike" because of the shortage of Army generals with expertise in counterinsurgency warfare, Gates admitted that there are few Army officers with experience in and knowledge of Iraq. In testimony to Congress this month, Petraeus said Iranian agents have played a "destructive role" in Iraq by backing Shiite militants, called "special groups" by the United States
Gates says changes "will probably preserve ... momentum and progress" Petraeus would oversee all forces in Middle East, including Iraq and Afghanistan . Petraeus would take over for Adm. William Fallon, who resigned . Central Command position is subject to Senate confirmation .
A Los Angeles, California, lawyer has come up with a series of cards geared toward prison inmates, a rapidly growing segment of the U. " She came up with the idea a few years ago while looking -- without success -- for a birthday card to send her brother-in-law, who was serving an 11-month sentence. 3 million people were in jails or prisons in the United States at the beginning of 2008, according to a study released last month by the Pew Center on the States
New series of greeting cards is geared toward prison inmates . Study shows the U.S. prison and jail population is rapidly growing . Card creator is selling her cards online and through stores .
" Hanson waited more than eight hours outside a Woodbury, Minnesota, video game store on Monday evening to be the first in his town to buy one of the most anticipated video games in history -- "Halo 3. I purchased the Legendary Edition of this game at a hefty $130! Totally worth it! Although I haven't slept since yesterday and I'm currently at work and very tired, I would do it all over again for "Halo. If you don't own a 360, buy one and go buy this game! The single player is incredible and the online multiplayer is MIND BLOWING! Totally worth $130!!! Tony Nash of Buffalo, New York I've been playing "Halo" since the very first game came out in 2001
"Halo 3" achieved a milestone million pre-orders 2 months before its release . The game, an Xbox 360 exclusive, went on sale Tuesday at midnight . CNN.com asked readers to share their early reviews of "Halo 3" I-Report: Share your own pictures, video and reviews of "Halo 3"
" "We hope in the coming weeks and months to confirm that Iran has indeed honored its pledge through further verification that the flow of ammunitions and other lethal aid has indeed stopped," said Smith, who noted that Iran, Iraq and the United States plan to hold another round of security talks. The military also said that coalition troops on Tuesday killed eight people described as terrorists and detained 10 suspects in operations targeting al Qaeda and foreign militant networks in central and northern Iraq. The military also said an operation involving Iraqi forces in the Tikrit area on October 30 led to the detention of 39 "suspected insurgents" and the discovery of a torture cell, a mobile hospital, car bombs, rocket-propelled grenades, machine guns and a Katyusha rocket
NEW: Sailor's death brings Monday's U.S. death toll in Iraq to six . U.S. military says nine detained Iranians to be released in "coming days" U.S. and Iraqi troops find 22 bodies in mass grave .
Dawson told reporters Friday that authorities think gasoline or another accelerant was used to ignite Burk's car, and police were investigating whether a gas can found in downtown Auburn was connected. A student at the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill -- Eve Carson, 22, of Athens, Georgia -- was also shot to death this week, on early Wednesday. Burk's family, in a statement read Friday to reporters by family friend Kathy Singleton, expressed their gratitude for the thoughts and prayers offered, but asked for privacy "so that they may grieve for their loss as well as celebrate Lauren's life
Courtney Larrell Lockhart, 23, charged with three counts of capital murder . Auburn University student Lauren Burk found shot Tuesday, died at hospital . Burk's car found minutes later engulfed in flames in campus parking lot .
com) -- How many closets does it take to make a "Desperate Housewife" happy? Just one, if it's anything like Parker's. We got a guided tour--and learned a lot more about the fashion-savvy star than her taste in shoes. A "gorgeous 1950s-style cocktail dress by Gustavo Cadile is my absolute favorite
"Desperate Housewives" actress Eva Longoria Parker gives peek into closet . Says she has Christian Louboutin espadrille wedges in every color. Her most-expensive item is a hot-pink crocodile Hermès Birkin bag .
Dubbed the "Doomsday Vault," the seed bank on a remote island near the Arctic Ocean is considered the ultimate safety net for the world's seed collections, protecting them from a wide range of threats including war, natural disasters, lack of funding or simply poor agricultural management. The shipment amounts to a 100 million seeds in total, ranging from major African and Asian food staples like maize, rice, and wheat to European and South American varieties of eggplant, lettuce, barley, and potato, according to the Global Crop Diversity Trust, which is paying to collect and maintain the seeds. "We believe the design of the facility will ensure that the seeds will stay well-preserved even if such forces as global warming raise temperatures outside the facility," said Magnus Bredeli Tveiten, project manager for the Norwegian government
Ultimate safety net for the world's seed collections has opened in Norway . The vault received inaugural shipments of 100 million seeds . Norwegian govt. built vault in glacial mountain between Norway and North Pole .
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (CNN) -- White students at a South African university tricked black residence hall workers into eating stew containing urine, prompting a march Wednesday in which five people were arrested, university officials said. In the video, white male students at Reitz Residence are seen encouraging at least three black female housekeepers to participate in what the students call the "Reitz Fear Factor," an apparent reference to the television show in which contestants eat live worms or compete in other feats. A spokeswoman in Free State province for the Democratic Alliance -- an opposition party which says it puts equal rights for all South Africans at the center of its policies -- called the video "shocking and inhumane
Video made of incident surfaces, brings campus protest . Video made to protest residence hall integration, university says . White males urinated into stew, served it to black workers . Video makers told workers they were playing "Fear Factor"
(CNN) -- A tornado swept through parts of Tupelo, Mississippi, on Thursday, damaging trees, power lines and overturning a 18-wheel truck, a law enforcement official said. "Just a little earlier this morning, we began to get reports of damage starting from the west side of Tupelo," said Chief Deputy John Hall of the Lee County Sheriff's Department. Jeff Snyder, general manager for the Mall at Barnes Crossing, said the shopping center sustained "minor property damage
NEW: Tornado watch in effect for parts of northwestern Alabama . Law enforcement official reports tornado damage in Tupelo, Mississippi . Storm damages trees, power lines, overturns 18-wheeler on U.S. 45 . No injuries reported in Mississippi town .
If you want to grow at that base, you have to swallow a price every once in a while in the form of high inflation," said Abdulrahman Al Harithi, CEO of investment bank, MENA Financial Group. A recent survey of Saudi Arabia's business confidence by financial services company, SABB, found that while confidence remains robust, over half of respondents were concerned that inflation would lead to rising business costs. The government is studying whether remedies like a minimum wage could ease the pain but some in the kingdom, like Al Harithi, say there is no quick solution
Last year, Saudi Arabia brought in around $200 billion from oil . The huge profits are fueling growth but inflation is at a 30 year high . Food and water costs have rocketed by 16 percent . The Saudi government is looking at remedies like a minimum wage .
(CNN) -- A man, incensed that a 6-year-old girl chose to walk through a path reserved for upper caste villagers, pushed her into burning embers, police in north India said Wednesday. Her Bahujan Samaj Party seeks to get more political representation for Dalits, who are considered so low in the social order that they don't even rank among the four classes that make up the caste system. "If a higher caste Hindu is touched by, or even had a Dalit's shadow fall across them, they consider themselves to be polluted and have to go through a rigorous series of rituals to be cleansed
Girl pushed into pile of burning embers by man in his late teens . Man charged with attempted murder . Assault took place in India's Uttar Pradesh state .
Barack Obama said Thursday that the most important thing he could achieve as president would be to deal with Iraq and the threat of al Qaeda in Afghanistan while improving "our influence around the world. Obama said he thinks the way the war in Iraq has been handled has kept the United States from focusing on key issues like energy policy, global warming and the economy. " "I think it's disappointing because John McCain always says, 'Well, I'm not going to run that kind of politics,' and then to engage in that kind of smear I think is unfortunate, particularly since my policy on Hamas has been no different than his," Obama said
Obama says he thinks U.S. influence has been diminishing . Candidate downplays notion that he is already the Democratic nominee . Obama says it's too early to discuss potential running mates . Clinton camp says she's "fighting hard" to be nominee, not running mate .
(CNN) -- Battling blustery weather, a Lufthansa Airlines flight scraped its wing on the ground during a landing attempt in Hamburg, Germany, over the weekend. Dramatic amateur video of the incident that appeared on the Internet showed the Airbus A320 teetering as it tried to land during the brutal winter storm on Saturday. Watch as plane avoids crash » Airline spokesman Wolfgang Weber said the left winglet, a fin at the end of the wing scraped the ground after a gust of wind tipped the plane
Amateur video of the moment the Lufthansa flight scraped its wing . Strong winds blamed for the near miss at Hamburg airport . The plane recovered and landed safely the second time around .
(CNN) -- An explosion destroyed a home in suburban Pittsburgh on Wednesday, killing an elderly man and severely injuring his grandchild, authorities said. He said he ran three houses down and saw a woman running with a little girl and screaming. " Several families who were displaced by the explosion were directed to Red Cross officials to make arrangements for shelter Wednesday night, authorities said
Officials: 1:30 p.m. explosion kills grandfather, severely injures grandchild . It's unclear what caused the blast, authorities say . Investigator: 64-year-old Richard Leith died at hospital . Neighbor says he saw a woman running down street with a little girl after blast .
(CNN) -- A Dutch tourist says she recently spotted missing 4-year-old Madeleine McCann at a French restaurant near Montpellier, McCann family spokesman Clarence Mitchell said Wednesday. The tourist said she recognized Madeleine from the many media reports about the child's May 3 disappearance and may have even seen the well-publicized defect in the little girl's eye, Mitchell said. Police watched the closed-circuit video footage, and despite the child looking like Madeleine, it was not her, said the official, who did not want his name published because he is not authorized to speak to media about the case
Madeleine McCann possibly seen at roadside restaurant near Montpellier . AP: Police say girl on surveillance tape is not Madeleine . Man takes girl from restaurant after Madeleine's name called, spokesman says . McCann has been missing since May 3; her parents named official suspects .
The move comes after the Organization of American States passed a resolution Wednesday in hopes of easing tensions stemming from an attack by Colombian military on a rebel camp in neighboring Ecuador on Saturday. " It ordered a commission, headed by OAS Secretary-General Jose Miguel Insulza and composed of four ambassadors designated by him, to visit both countries to investigate the matter, "and to propose formulas for bringing the two nations closer together. Colombian officials also said they discovered evidence after the attack that Ecuadoran and Venezuelan government officials were collaborating with the group -- namely that Chavez allegedly gave $300 million to the rebels and that a senior Ecuadoran official met with them
NEW: President Daniel Ortega said move "in solidarity" with Ecuador . On Saturday, Colombia's military attacked a rebel camp in Ecuador . U.S. official: Small chance Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador will fight .
(CNN) -- Five young men died Saturday when the car they were in drove off the end of a private airstrip near Ocala, Florida, became airborne for 200 feet and slammed into an oak tree, authorities said. Burroughs said it was not clear how the car got onto the private Greystone community airstrip -- the same one actor John Travolta uses for his aircraft -- but the car was driving north on Runway 36, which is 1. It was not known if the victims were wearing seat belts and the agency was awaiting the results of toxicology tests from the medical examiner's office to find out if alcohol or drugs played a role, Burroughs said
The car was driving on a runway at 3:45 a.m. when the driver hit the brakes . The 2008 BMW flew through the air for 200 feet and struck an oak tree . All of the victims were declared dead at the scene . The car was split in two by the force of the crash .
Just a week after the deadly tornado hit May 4, 2007, a similar idea sparked in the mayor, a representative from the governor's office and a nonprofit expert from a nearby town. The concept: If the whole town had to be rebuilt anyway, why not be bold and build it as a global example of conservation, energy efficiency and creativity? Daniel Wallach, the nonprofit specialist, soon got the green light to help residents and businesses start over in a project known as Greensburg GreenTown. Steel twisted into brick, and then the miles per hour needed to pick up combines that weigh 25,000 pounds and move them half a mile in the air," he said
Greensburg rebuilds "green" after tornado demolished 90 percent of the town . Long-term goal is to have 100 percent renewable energy . The city hopes to open a biodiesel facility as one of its first green newcomers . Nonprofit expert says terrible tragedy "also provided an incredible opportunity"
The police dogs in Duesseldorf, Germany are now patrolling the pavement in protective shoes that their police-officer handlers strap onto their paws. The reason? Too many glass shards left by beer drinkers in the city center, said Andre Hartwich, a spokesman for police in Duesseldorf. So what's a dog to do? Their handlers shelled out 60 euros -- $89 -- for shoes that are also worn by dogs who walk on ice in Alaska
Police dogs in Duesseldorf, Germany are now wearing protective shoes . Glass shards left by beer drinkers in the city center are the reason . Duesseldorf police force has 20 German and Belgian Shepherds . Dogs shoes cost €60 ($89) and are also worn by dogs who walk on ice in Alaska .
Although the monarchy was not overthrown until 1893, its fate effectively was sealed six years earlier when the same group that forced the overthrow imposed a new constitution on King David Kalakaua, who was forced to sign it under threat of arms. The document dramatically reduced the authority of the monarchy and instituted voter requirements that limited voting to wealthy businessmen and Hawaiian landowners, barring 75 percent of the native Hawaiian population and all Asians. The document "acknowledges that the overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii occurred with the active participation of agents and citizens of the United States and further acknowledges that the Native Hawaiian people never directly relinquished to the United States their claims to their inherent sovereignty as a people over their national lands, either through the Kingdom of Hawaii or through a plebiscite or referendum
Group does not recognize Hawaii as a U.S. state . Palace used by rulers of Hawaiian kingdom; now a tourist attraction . Peaceful protesters eventually unlock gates, leave grounds . Protesters vow to return Thursday morning .
LONDON, England (CNN) -- The United Nations' anti-drugs chief has denounced celebrities such as pop star Amy Winehouse and supermodel Kate Moss, saying that their alleged drug use was helping devastate West Africa. Costa, in his piece, said the cocaine used in Europe passes through impoverished countries in west Africa where governments haven't been able to mount an effective fight against the drug traders. "Amy Winehouse might adopt a defiant pose and slur her way through 'Rehab' (her Grammy Award-winning hit) but does she realize the message she sends to others who are vulnerable to addiction and who cannot afford expensive treatment?" he said
U.N. anti-drugs chief denounces celebrities Amy Winehouse and Kate Moss . Maria Costa says their alleged drug use is helping devastate West Africa . The U.N. has spoken out on the issue twice in two weeks . Winehouse's spokesman says the U.N. should "get its own house in order"
The incident occurred at the opening of a massive Gadhafi National Mosque in Kampala, a structure begun by the late Ugandan dictator Idi Amin in 1972 and completed with financing from Libya, according to African media reports. The Ugandan official, who declined to be named, shouted back, "Why do think you're superior? What makes you think Uganda has any ill intention against Gadhafi?" The Ugandan official said Museveni's guards were simply doing their job as security for the host country and had a right to respond when the Libyan guards pushed them back. "This should remind us that while Amin is demonized as Africa's worst dictator, there are many things he did for this country that successive governments largely depend on, and much of the completed installations and structures like this beautiful mosque was Amin's dream, may Allah rest him in peace
Ugandan officer reports tensions with Libyan leader's guards during visit . Leaders gathered for opening of massive mosque in Kampala, Uganda . About a dozen presidential guards seen bleeding from compound fractures .
BARCELONA, Spain -- Barcelona's Argentina striker Lionel Messi will be out of action for six weeks after tearing a muscle in his left leg during Tuesday night's 1-0 Champions League victory over Celtic. It will also be a race against time for the 2007 World Player of the Year runner-up to be fit for the semifinals if Barcelona get past an opponent who will be named after the draw on March 14. Rijkaard also has other options to replace Messi on the right flank in the shape of Portuguese international Deco or teenage Mexican winger Giovanni Dos Santos
Barcelona striker Lionel Messi is ruled out for six weeks with a thigh injury . The Argentine sustained the injury in Tuesday night's 1-0 victory over Celtic . It is third time in the last three years that Messi has suffered the same injury .
JACKSONVILLE, North Carolina (CNN) -- The remains of an adult and a fetus were found Saturday in a shallow grave in the backyard of the primary suspect in the death of a pregnant Marine, Onslow County Sheriff Ed Brown announced. Lauterbach, 20, disappeared, when she was eight months pregnant, from Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, in mid-December, not long before she was to testify at a military hearing about her rape accusation against Laurean. Investigators told CNN that Laurean vanished four hours before his wife, Christina, approached Brown with a note from her husband claiming that Lauterbach had committed suicide and he buried the body
NEW: The discovery is "consistent with what we were looking for," sheriff says . NEW: Cpl. Cesar Armando Laurean is charged with first-degree murder . Sheriff says blood found in house, even on ceiling . Missing pregnant Marine had accused suspect -- a fellow Marine -- of rape .
The embassy was closed Friday, and a handful of riot police holding shields stood outside the building, its outer walls blackened from fires set the night before and some of its windows smashed. The anger directed against the United States and other countries for recognizing the breakaway province as a nation sparked attacks on Western embassies and shops by hundreds of people. Burns said every situation has its unique set of circumstances, as does Kosovo, which was the victim of ethnic cleansing policies by the Slobodan Milosevic regime in 1999
U.S.: An event like embassy attack "should not happen in a civilized country" U.S. warns Serbia of responsibility to protect U.S. diplomats, building . Embassy evacuating nonessential personnel; ambassador will stay in Belgrade . No embassy documents taken during Thursday attack and fire, spokesman says .
Staff and critters at neighboring Chengdu Panda Breeding and Research Center were also reported safe, according to a spokesperson for the Atlanta Zoo, which has two pandas on loan from the wildlife reserve. The mountainous, densely wooded region is the natural habitat for most of the 1,200 giant pandas living in the wild, making it an obvious location for research bases like Wolong and Chengdu. With the safety of the pandas confirmed, the animals' caregivers are left to determine how resources like food and medical supplies will reach the bases, which contain breeding facilities and triage centers
Report: Chinese authorities confirm that captive giant pandas are safe . Concerns grow over road accessibility to the reserves . Scientist: Alternative foods exist in the event of depleted bamboo stocks .
In the past week, Clinton sharpened her attacks on Obama -- questioning whether he has enough experience to lead the nation and attempting to cast doubt on his opposition to international trade agreements that many in Ohio feel have led to job losses. Clinton was believed to need strong performances in Tuesday's contests in Ohio and Texas to halt Obama's momentum in the race and stay alive in the hunt for the 2,025 delegates needed to win the nomination. "If Hillary Clinton gets out a small win in Ohio and Texas, it will be like Punxsutawney Phil seeing his shadow," said political adviser and Clinton supporter Paul Begala, referring to the six more weeks of winter the groundhog is said to predict
NEW: Obama leads Clinton 56 percent to 44 percent in tally of Texas caucuses . Clinton wins Ohio, Texas, Rhode Island primaries . Obama wins Vermont, leads race in total delegate count .
"It was configured in a way so that, if it was pulled, it would take off the head of a Border Patrol agent riding in an open car," Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said at a House budget hearing. The wire was discovered Saturday when authorities monitoring a surveillance camera saw two people on the north side of the border east of the San Ysidro Port of Entry, in the San Diego sector. When pulled tight, the wire would be about 4 feet high -- about neck level for an agent riding on an all-terrain vehicle, CBP said
The thick metal wire stretched across the border road and led into Mexico . Agents discovered it Saturday after a surveillance camera spotted suspicious activity . Officials say they suspect that drug or illegal immigrant smugglers are involved . No arrests have been made on either side of the border .
"Tonight, the cynics who believed that what began in the snows of Iowa was just an illusion were told a different story by the good people of South Carolina," Obama said to supporters Saturday. But Obama handily defeated Clinton in every other bracket, and overall garnered 58 percent of the vote among 18 to 64-year-olds while 23 percent of those voters picked Clinton. South Carolina is the last big test for the Democrats before Super Tuesday, February 5, when nearly two dozen states will hold either primaries or caucuses -- including such delegate-rich states as California, New York, New Jersey and Illinois
NEW: Blowout win for Obama in South Carolina . Clinton finishes ahead of Edwards, CNN projects . 47 percent decided on vote at least a month ago, exit polls indicate . Edwards: "I feel good about how things are moving right now"
Pedro Espinoza, a 19-year-old member of the Hispanic 18th Street Gang, was charged in the killing and could face the death penalty if convicted, the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office said. Hundreds of family members and friends gathered Tuesday at West Los Angeles Cathedral to remember Shaw, a standout running back and sprinter at Los Angeles High School who had good grades and stayed out of trouble despite his rough neighborhood. Bratton and Deputy Chief Kenneth Garner met with community members from the South Side of Los Angeles over the weekend to try to calm tensions between black and Hispanic communities
NEW: Arrest made in killing of Jamiel Shaw, athlete killed outside his L.A. home . Police: Gang members had asked him if we was in a gang . Shaw didn't have time to tell them "no," according to police . His mother was on duty in Iraq when she got the news .
The Briton is set to become one of the most marketable sport stars in the world -- perhaps second only to Tiger Woods -- and earn more than a billion dollars if he can maintain the buzz created by his first season in Formula One, experts say. Stephen Cheliotis, chief executive of the Centre for Brand Analysis and UK Superbrands and CoolBrands Councils' chairman, said Hamilton was the most marketable driver because he was a breath of fresh air. The German also actively pursued the development of his own retail range, which included caps -- he sold hundreds of thousands at $30 a pop -- and even a branded vacuum cleaner
Experts say Lewis Hamilton is set to earn more than Michael Schumacher . David Beckham's "life-time brand" provides valuable lessons . A little bit of scandal is good for the bank balance . Raikkonen's "Iceman" persona allows sponsors to find perfect match .
Staff and critters at neighboring Chengdu Panda Breeding and Research Center were also reported safe, according to a spokesperson for the Atlanta Zoo, which has two pandas on loan from the wildlife reserve. The mountainous, densely wooded region is the natural habitat for most of the 1,200 giant pandas living in the wild, making it an obvious location for research bases like Wolong and Chengdu. With the safety of the pandas confirmed, the animals' caregivers are left to determine how resources like food and medical supplies will reach the bases, which contain breeding facilities and triage centers
Report: Chinese authorities confirm that captive giant pandas are safe . Concerns grow over road accessibility to the reserves . Scientist: Alternative foods exist in the event of depleted bamboo stocks .
Everson, 53, said in a written statement that he was leaving the $500,000-per-year job "for personal and family reasons, and deeply regret it is impossible for me to continue in a job so recently undertaken. It's completely contrary to his public persona that he evidenced while he was at the IRS," said Suzanne Ross McDowell, a Washington-based attorney who served on an advisory committee to the IRS division that deals with tax-exempt organizations. Four years earlier, Bernadine Healy quit the post after the organization was criticized for mishandling donations intended for victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks and collecting vast quantities of blood that was not needed and ultimately thrown out
Red Cross says it became aware of the relationship 10 days ago . Relationship allegedly involves a subordinate female Red Cross employee . Board "concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on Mr. Everson's part" Everson: I "deeply regret it is impossible for me to continue"
(CNN) -- Canada's House of Commons voted Thursday to extend the country's military mission in Afghanistan until 2011, with the stipulation that NATO send reinforcements to the volatile Kandahar province. Supporters of the mission argued that Canadians have made progress in providing schools, health care and clean water for thousands of Afghans. Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has endorsed a panel's recommendation to keep troops in place only if another NATO nation dispatches additional troops to Kandahar
Troops to stay until 2011, with the stipulation that NATO contribute more forces . Most of Canada's 2,500 troops in Afghanistan are in Kandahar province . The Canadian mission in Afghanistan was to end next February . Critics say the cost has not been disclosed to Parliament or the public .
The police dogs in Duesseldorf, Germany are now patrolling the pavement in protective shoes that their police-officer handlers strap onto their paws. The reason? Too many glass shards left by beer drinkers in the city center, said Andre Hartwich, a spokesman for police in Duesseldorf. So what's a dog to do? Their handlers shelled out 60 euros -- $89 -- for shoes that are also worn by dogs who walk on ice in Alaska
Police dogs in Duesseldorf, Germany are now wearing protective shoes . Glass shards left by beer drinkers in the city center are the reason . Duesseldorf police force has 20 German and Belgian Shepherds . Dogs shoes cost €60 ($89) and are also worn by dogs who walk on ice in Alaska .
Laporta told the Catalan TV3 station that the Brazilian midfielder, who struggled with injuries and poor form last season, needed new challenges in his career. " Laporta recognized that it might not be easy to sell Ronaldinho, who suffered a series of injury and fitness problems this season and made the starting line-up in only 13 of 38 league matches. " Barca's arch-rivals Real Madrid, who lifted another Spanish title this season, have signed their first newcomer for the next campaign by paying a reported 10 million euros ($15
Barcelona are ready to let Brazilian international Ronaldinho leave the club . Club president Joan Laporta says that Ronaldinho needs new challenges . Barcelona have already replaced coach Frank Rijkaard with Pep Guardiola .
In addition, suicide bombers killed five Iraqis in two bombings in Diyala province Monday morning, including a sheik who helped battle Sunni extremists and his 5-year-old niece. The attack reflects both the growing use of females as suicide bombers in Iraq and the targeting of Awakening Councils, which are also known as Concerned Citizens Groups or Sons of Iraq. troops may have been sickened by dirty water intended for hygiene use and supplied to bases around Iraq between 2004 and 2006, according to a Pentagon report released Monday
NEW: Roadside bomb kills 3 U.S. soldiers and an interpreter in Diyala province . Earlier, at least 5 U.S. soldiers on foot patrol die in Baghdad suicide bombing . Baghdad blast marks deadliest attack on U.S. troops since January 28 . Female suicide bomber kills sheik, 5-year-old niece and guard at Iraqi home .
At the party, Julie Myers, then-acting chief of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), part of the Department of Homeland Security, gave an award for "most original costume" to an employee wearing prison stripes, a wig with dreadlocks and face-darkening makeup. Myers said she did not know the employee was wearing skin makeup, but ordered the photos destroyed because she did not think that "recognizing an escaped prisoner in any way was beneficial to the agency's goal of treating everyone in our custody with dignity and respect. "Although I did not know that this individual had disguised his race, I determined that I had made an error in judgment in recognizing an escaped prisoner at this party," she wrote, and she instructed her chief of staff to direct the official photographer to delete the photos
Partygoer used make-up to darken skin, went as escaped prisoner . Acting Immigration chief judged costume contest . Congress told photos destroyed before Julie Myers' confirmation hearings . CNN got photos through Freedom of Information Act request .
(CNN) -- Hazardous materials teams are still cleaning up a toxic chemical spill from a train derailment in Lafayette, Louisiana, on Saturday that forced 3,000 people from their homes. The Red Cross opened a shelter at Carencro High School for residents to stay Saturday night, while another 40 to 50 families were put up at hotel rooms, police said. Residents will be allowed to return home once the spill is contained and no longer dangerous, said Joe Faust, a spokesman for BNSF Railway, which operates the train cars
Train cars leaked corrosive hydrochloric acid after a Saturday derailment . Chemical spill caused a toxic cloud to form above Lafayette site . Exposure to the chemical can irritate skin . Lafayette authorities evacuated about 3,500 homes and businesses .
Can a buffet-style restaurant -- that symbol of American overindulgence --possibly be one of the healthiest restaurants in the country? It can in this case, because this salad-soup-and-bakery eatery (Southern California locations are named Souplantation, everywhere else they're called Sweet Tomatoes) uses produce so fresh that it's guaranteed to have been "in the ground" 24 hours before it's in a refrigerated truck on its way to the restaurant. This cozy café-style restaurant transforms normally less-than-healthy foods into better -- and still tasty -- options: a half-pound cheeseburger wrapped in lettuce (that's right, no bun); the cutely named Naked French Market Onion Soup, served without cheese. Take the best aspects of Asian cuisine -- a combination of fresh vegetables and protein -- surround them with healthy influences such as whole-grain brown rice, wild-caught, sustainable Alaskan salmon, and all-natural chicken, and you have a recipe for delicious, healthy dining
Health magazine names Top 10 chain restaurants for fresh, healthy food . Writers looked at 43 chains with more than 75 locations across the country . Experts' favorite: Uno's Chicago Grill, with trans fat-free menu, many grilled entrees .
Spokesman Sheikh Salah al-Obeidi emphasized that the cleric is not accusing anyone in particular of the killing but believes that the killers "are the ones who are following the occupiers' steps and don't want stability for the country. " He was referring to the battles since Sunday involving members of al-Sadr's Mehdi Army militia and Iraqi security forces dominated by a rival Shiite political movement, the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq. The intra-Shiite fighting in Iraq that has killed hundreds of people in the past two weeks has involved two main movements: members of the Mehdi Army militia loyal to al-Sadr, and Iraqi security forces dominated by the chief political rival of the Sadrists, the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq
NEW: U.S. troops kill two snipers, two other men firing rocket-propelled grenades . Army says U.S., Iraqi patrol came under fire setting up checkpoint . Muqtada al-Sadr blames U.S., calls for calm after top aide killed in Najaf . Mortar attack kills three at Palestine Hotel across from International Zone .
-led forces after the September 11 attacks in 2001 -- has strengthened its military and technical capabilities even while suffering heavy combat losses, says a State Department report released Wednesday. "The Taliban-led insurgency remained a capable, determined, and resilient threat to stability and to the expansion of government authority, particularly in the Pashtun south and east," according to the "Country Reports on Terrorism 2007. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said the United States needs more troops to hold areas of southern Afghanistan -- the region of highest concern -- and to train local army and police personnel
State Department report: Taliban military, technical capabilities stronger . Taliban called a determined threat to Afghan stability . Funding comes from Pakistan supporters, narcotics trafficking, abductions . Number of terror attacks increased from 969 in 2006 to 1,127 last year .
